 You're right . Let's ask her to give us one more week . 	Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class . 
 Oh , that ’ s a good choice . Very healthy too . 	Do you drink much ? 
 Oh , there Isn't ? Oh , no . 	I'm sorry , but I can't go . 
 I'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys ! 	What was the last movie you saw ? 
 Sure . 	You look a bit dull today . What's up ? 
 Yes . No problem . 	Are you sure Lucy has it bad for you ? If she does , she will certainly bend over backwards for you . But if she doesn't , it would be a job to change her . 
 Thank you for your concern . 	Could you take us to the Fifth Avenue ? 
 I don ’ t think they are right . I have tried my best and that's enough . It is unfair that they are always saying these thing . Sometimes I even feel deeply hurt . 	Oh , the food here really is bad . My soup was cold and meat , ur ... it was like leather . 
 Not for me . It is already late . I can not fall asleep after drinking coffee this late . 	You will never guess where my family is going for summer vacation . 
 I asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month . 	Why did you choose Applied Sociology as your major ? 
 Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding . 	Do you buy that newspaper every day ? 
 Yeah . There's a lot we can do to help him through this transition . 	I am a little nervous about my presentation on Friday . 
 I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit . 	Hello , Mr Brown . I'm glad you came in today ; we've just opened a new service that you might be interested in . It's called Bank Securities Link . 
 I am hoping that this test goes well for me . 	Can we have two tickets for the 7:30 showing of ' Beautiful Mind ' . 
 Your grade will not be a surprise ; you will know what you need to work on . 	He has so many friends supporting him . 
 A dime is still a bargain , sir . 	Good day . Is this the Business Centre ? 
 Yeah , but scented tea is now in fashion . 	Can your dog do any tricks ? 
 Nice to meet you , too . 	Hey , Mark , long time no see . 
 No problem . I'll talk to you later . 	I have a little problem with room 507 . 
 We're here all night long if you need anything . 	The NASDAQ gained a few points today . 
 Thanks . I plan on it . 	Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ? 
 Go ahead . 	May I help you ? 
 Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread . 	I called HP about my computer . 
 thank you so much for your advice . I'll think it over . 	I can ’ t attend the meeting in Washington . I ’ Ve proposed you as the most able substitute . 
 But people keep talking about the benefits from the plan . 	I'm now on the Songshan airport getting ready for departure . I realized that I might have left my watch . 
 I've got over seven years ' experience working in this kind of position . I know I can do a good job in this position . 	Do you play cards ? 
 Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography . 	Excuse me , will you change me some money , please ? 
 An ordinary return , please . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for the Holiday Inn . Do you know where it is ? 
 Now that I think about it , it really is sometimes . 	How is everything going with your girlfriend ? 
 Thank you . 	I have a sweet tooth . Chocolate is my favorite . So how about you ? 
 That ’ s more than my round-trip ticket ! 	My dear , it's five flights up ! 
 Just call me Miao Dou , Please . 	I was wondering if you could go over the services available at EDD to help me get a job . 
 Oh . I am not a wall streeter.Give me an economy one please . 	Hello , Mr . Jones . 
 Thank you . 	I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ? 
 That's expensive . 	Would you like to see our new shirts ? 
 Then I'll take it . 	You should draw a picture of a fancy kingdom of animals in forty minutes . 
 We ’ ll contact you soon , Ted . Thanks for coming in . 	Miss Fallen , can you tell me why you want to get a visa to the States ? 
 Thank you . 	what are you looking for ? 
 I hope you enjoy your dinner . 	Hello , how are you today . Here for your six month check-up ? 
 The snow is so beautiful . 	Hi , Boss ! I'd like to tell you what we've discussed during the day . 
 Yeah . He told me that he has passed over in the election of monitor . 	Would you like me to go into a little more detail about the free services we can offer you ? 
 Yes . I'll welcome other opportunities to do business with you . 	What is life ? 
 Or what only we are able to give them . 	Too ... your face is really oily ... perfect ! 
 Of course . They will be happy you asked about them . 	Stephen , can you work overtime tonight ? 
 No . 	The kitchen stinks . 
 Got it . Bye for now . 	Hello , how can I help you today ? 
 You are welcome . I'll be back with the warm water in a minute . 	What exactly is the problem with the latest lot ? 
 Fine , it's the thing for me . I will take it . 	I need to open an account . 
 You're welcome . 	Have you been taken of , miss ? 
 No . It wasn't the super bargain I thought it was . 	Hi ! Someone has reported a fault on one of your copiers . 
 She is our new project manager . She starts next week . 	Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the Forbidden City , please ? 
 It sounds like you're coming down with something . 	Mary , do you often do your shopping online ? 
 Thank you , sir . Have a nice drive ! 	Are you there , Mary ? 
 Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ? 	Excuse me , I need your assistance . 
 I guess I asked the wrong person . 	I'm tired of dancing . 
 OK . See you later . 	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ? 
 I'm sure of what I'm doing . 	Can I take this bus to city center ? 
 Twenty . 	Happy birthday , Aims ! 
 Well , it's our policy to confiscate all counterfeit notes . So , unfortunately you'll lose this 50 RIB . We'll give you a receipt to show the note has been confiscated . 	What a pity you are leaving so soon . I wish you could stay a few more days . Sir , can you deliver a speech for us ? 
 No , not at all ! Just lay back and relax . 	I'm going on a cruise this summer . 
 Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out . 	Hello . Where are you headed today ? 
 I did self-study of Japanese in college , and I can carry on some simple conversations in Japanese . 	I think I going to need some iced water too . Is there an extra charge for that ? 
 But I ’ m just in it for the money , right ? How else am I going to be able to afford to keep taking Angela to the movies ? Besides , I love the smell of gasoline , don ’ t you ? 	Good morning ! May I help you ? 
 Well , wait a minute . 	Did you hear the news ? 
 That's right . Now try on this one . It's size 41 . 	Julia , what time is it ? 
 So I stopped drinking coffee late at night instead . 	Why do you want to eat western food so much today ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion ? 
 Fine , I'll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday . 	That dress is too expensive . 
 Call us as soon as you got home . 	What kind of permanent would you like to have ? 
 Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you . 	Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly . 
 And Steve is going to look after you until we come back . 	Sorry to have smoked in your room . 
 No , thanks . 	You ready ? 
 So , he ’ s not a bookworm ? It ’ s good that he has an outgoing personality . Some kids are very quiet and introverted . You wonder they ’ ll survive in the real world without their parents to support them . 	Excuse me , What time does the next bus for Boston leave ? 
 Maybe all of us are the same . 	There are something wrong with my computer . 
 Why not ? Let's draw the outline of an apple with your pencil first . 	How much is this ? 
 OK , that sounds fine . I think 200 USD worth of RIB should be plenty , thanks . 	Could you fill in this form , please ? 
 Yes , I'm really excited . 	Is there a car park near the supermarket ? 
 I can give you quarters , if that'll help . 	I don't think I can manage this morning . I wonder if we could after the time of meeting to tomorrow afternoon . 
 All right , then . Why don't we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ? 	You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up ? 
 Great . Thanks a lot . 	Thank God , it's Friday ! Time for a drink ! Let's hit the bars ! 
 Well , off we go . I am sure we can have a great time . 	How's your brother doing ? 
 The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact in success . If I want to make in marking in advertising history , I can ’ t stop studying and creating . 	Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you today ? 
 Thanks for letting me know . 	I have the chills and an upset stomach . 
 Thank you very much . Hope to see you again . 	I heard you are busy with your new house now ? 
 Thank you . 	I want to reserve a VIP room at 7:00 this evening . 
 What's the matter ? 	Yes , sir.May I help you ? 
 Oh , you've already grown up , son . 	Stand back from the door , please . There're plenty of seats in the rear . 
 Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam . 	May I have your resume , please ? 
 The next game , I will definitely be there . 	My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ? 
 OK , thanks . Look forward to seeing you on Friday , then . 	Hello , Mr Kowalski ? 
 I was in New York for a wedding . 	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . 
 I'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys ! 	hi , betty ! 
 Thanks for all your help . 	Hello , Frank . 
 Thank you very much . 	Hello ? 
 No . Well , I don't know.But Taiwan is so crowded . Don't you miss life in America ? 	Happy Anniversary , honey . 
 I am working in a small company where further promotion is impossible , so I decided to change my job . I'd like to find a job which is more challenging . 	I want to try something different today . 
 Thank you , but I cannot take all the credit . Our employees have all worked very hard to increase their productivity level . 	I haven't met you at the gym for a long time . 
 Ok , Mum . I will not fail the examination next time . 	The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ? 
 Don't worry about the cost . Our insurance policy covers us against situations like this . We need those parts urgently . Could you please try to get them here tomorrow ? 	Excuse me , sir . Could you spare a minute ? 
 Thanks . I'm glad you say so . Oh , the music has stopped . 	Would you consider an offer of $ 56,000 per year ? 
 If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition . 	Hey Susan , what are you coming as this year ? 
 No , don't give it another thought . 	May I take your order ? 
 Thank you . 	What makes you think you are able to do the job ? 
 Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though . 	What's the weather like in your hometown ? 
 Good idea . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Don't mention it . I'm always willing to help good students . 	I can't even imagine you snorkeling ! 
 Thanks a lot . 	Man , I ’ m freaking out ! You gotta help me ! 
 Ok , the mirror is over there . 	Mom , is there anything in the fridge I can eat before dinner ? 
 Thanks for reminding me . 	So , tell me about you new house . How is it different to your old one ? 
 At 7 am sharp . 	Excuse me , can you tell me where the post office is ? 
 And also tell me how to use other switches . 	I found a new job after all , and I like this one even better than the last . 
 Thanks . 	Good morning . Do I need an appointment ? 
 Maybe now I ’ ll get that promotion I was hoping for . 	Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ? 
 Thank you very much . I ’ ll see you the day after tomorrow . 	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? 
 Yeah , sorry . 	I wish our competition will quit poaching our people , when Susan resigned last week to work for the Sunburst , she was our fourth employee to leave us for them . 
 Thanks very much . I'm sure I'll be back , so see you again soon . Bye ! 	Jim , I heard you took a trip to San Diego . Is that right ? 
 About 30 . He's really outgoing . But why do you ask ? 	What's the latest fashion of evening gown ? 
 We also have waterfalls in the mountains . They make the landscapes look very scenic . The landscape has been shapes by millions of years of erosion , especially by water . 	I'm so glad we decided to go on a cruise for our vacation . 
 That would be great ! You are really a good employee . 	What do you think of shopping ? 
 Well , the newspaper is over there . Look in the want ads , but I don ’ t know what you ’ re going to find without a college degree . 	Repairman.May I come in ? 
 Yes , ten days . 	Which do you like better , orange or lemon ? 
 Of course not . We don't do that . 	What do you think this flat ? 
 Thank you . 	Mark . Where have you been ? I ’ Ve been calling you all morning . 
 No , I don't . 	Where are you going , Jane ? 
 Thanks , I think so too . 	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there he is . 
 Goodbye . 	Hi , Kenji . 
 Yeah , we were classmates when I was in university . 	Hello , Mr . Smith , I am returning to Shanghai by the 10:00 plane . I am calling to thank you for all your help during my stay here . 
 Okay , let's go ! 	Where is Pamela ? 
 Yeah , after all the explanations like , it ’ s too heavy , I was in a hurry ... whatever . 	How many candidates do you choose for the first round ? 
 Thank you for your kindness . 	Oh , there is something wrong with my car . 
 Of course . And 2 - week paid vacation a year , a 5 - day work week . 	Is there a problem , officer ? 
 No ! It's a perfect fit ! 	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements . 
 It's my pleasure to talk with you . 	Let's start to study how to use computers , Paler . It's good to know that a computer has two major parts , the hardware and the software . 
 I hope so . Then I ’ ll be the happiest person in our office too ! 	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy . 
 What's the big deal ? 	What can I do for you ? 
 I have confidence in them . 	Could I see that automatic camera ? 
 that's what I am worried about . I do understand the respect attached with the gift and I am honored . But I really don't think it's proper for a student to spend a fortune on a gift for a professor . 	What do you think of the acting of the two main actors in the film ? 
 Yes , here is my ID card . 	Who is Cindy ’ s husband ? 
 I'm sorry . I'll ask next time . 	Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week ? 
 He's working too hard . 	How are you , Mr . Zhang ? 
 Goodbye . 	Come on ! It's time to go ! 
 You're just jealous . 	We have a class outing today . 
 OK , OK . Enough already . We'd better hustle . The contest starts in five minutes . 	Look ! There are playing The Matrix today . 
 Why not ? 	Julia , look at me ! I'm gaining weight . How could I lose weight ? Do you have any good ideas ? 
 John is a peacemaker . He simply doesn ’ t bother . He says he should give him a free hand . 	It's my first visit to Prague , I'll be here for three days for a conference , then I have a day on my own to do some sightseeing before I head back home . What do you suggest I see when I'm here ? 
 It is to your advantage to work as much as you can . 	Hi Benjamin . My name is Dr . Green . What seems to be the matter ? 
 Because it is an age of challenges , I must accept the new challenge in my life . 	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ? 
 The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has . 	Anything else ? 
 Get a hold of yourself , Bruce . You'll get over her eventually . 	May I help you ? 
 You're right ... I should eat something . Let's go . 	Pam , where's the closest ATM ? 
 Oh . I am not his fan . 	Do you need a ticket ? 
 Well , keep a low profile . 	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? 
 No problem at all , Mike . Just give me the chance . 	So how did your end-of-the-year review go ? 
 No , that's enough . T hank you . 	Can you lend me fifty bucks ? 
 Typical you , always wanting to keep the best things for yourself . The more I appreciate the gift now . 	Tomorrow is Sunday . Let's go out and get some fresh air . 
 Same difference . What's this ? 	I have a reservation for a single with bath . 
 Oh , really , I thought it was a sign of rain . 	A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine . 
 Please count . 	You taught at a local school for a year , right ? 
 These machines aren ’ t very difficult to use . In fact , I quite like them . They are much faster than dealing with a band clerk . 	Have you met John recently ? 
 There won't be many other expenses expect food . 	Hello , Could you please connect me to Mr . Cook's office ? It is on Line Three . 
 I ’ d rather you told her . 	I'd like to make an appointment with Dr.Cooper.Could you arrange it for me ? 
 We're coming . 	Did you say you saw lily alone ? 
 That's fine . Please send it to my room tomorrow morning . 	Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ? 
 Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish . 
 Yes , that would make a good ending for your resume . 	After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ? 
 Besides , remember to make acknowledgments through an E-mail or a call . 	Alright , we need to have a plan here . First of all , which bed do you want ? 
 It says it's located in the suburbs . 	Fill it up , please . 
 I think I'm going to make myself some oatmeal and toast . 	Ann , do you have time next Monday ? 
 Here is your receipt.Thank you . 	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ? 
 Ok . 	What courses did you major in ? 
 Yes , it is much earlier than past years . 	Could I speak to you for a minute ? 
 I went to Paris . 	Sam , we are hard up for the everyday expenses . When can you find a job . 
 That ’ s just what I need . Thanks so much . You ’ Ve been a big help already . 	Hello , Steven . Do you have any questions to ask me ? 
 Yes , that's very important . 	So , where are you going to spend your winter vacation ? 
 All right , all right . He'll get them as soon as possible . 	What else can I do for you today ? 
 OK , I'll take it . 	Let me get the keys and we ’ ll go to look at it . 
 It was my pleasure . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Excellent.Well , what other questions do you have Rebecca ? 	Has Mien sold his house yet ? 
 That sounds great . Thanks . 	what did you do over the weekend ? 
 what would you do without me ? 	What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ? 
 Sorry , I've no idea . 	are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ? 
 No problem at all , sir . Housekeeping will deliver you all the amenities you like in a bit . 	Ah , Hello . So , you are back ? 
 Thank you . 	I like to drive on freeway . 
 It's my pleasure . 	I'm sorry , I'm having a little trouble understanding your accent . 
 That blood that just filled the tube is all that I needed . Thanks for coming in ! 	Can I help you ? 
 Don't look a gift horse in the mouth ! That was the best they had . 	Do you want to try your hand at tennis ? 
 Oh , I see . 	Hello , Does my room have internet access ? 
 No problem , man . 	Is your city a historical place ? 
 Hmm . I hope not . 	Good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company . 
 Bye-bye . Welcome to come next time ! 	Good afternoon ! Where to ? 
 Ok . Please arrive at seven forty-five . We can only hold the table until 8,15 . 	Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses ! 
 Yes , we could also make this arrangement , , if you prefer . 	Guess who I saw just now ? 
 Bye . 	How are you doing ? 
 I said you can trust him . You just have to believe it . 	Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen . 
 Certainly . Here it is . 	Cheers ! Let ’ s tie one on . 
 Sure , this will be a really good picture . 	Is there a bookstore near here ? 
 Yes , maybe I should . 	Don ’ t you have air-conditioning in your apartment ? It ’ s sweltering here ! 
 Don't you see I'm trying my best ? 	I want to go house shopping , and I want to know what I can afford to buy . 
 Around 6 o'clock . 	What's today's date ? 
 perhaps I should have a try . 	This is our rock - bottom price , Mr . Li . We can't make any further concessions . 
 I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team . 	Hi , Sally ! You are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl ! 
 Well . Don't worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you . 	To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ? 
 likewise . Bye ! 	How many rooms are you looking for ? 
 This is because he is the action-movie incarnate or action-star extraordinaire around the world . 	Welcome to NO Bank . It's Mr Zu , isn't it ? 
 Yeah ! When I got my nose job I was black and blue for a week ! 	How about going to the cinema tonight ? 
 Not often . Just when I make mistakes . 	What was that noise ? 
 All right . Thanks for your help . 	have you finished going through the contract ? 
 Oh , dear , go get another pair . I'll help you change your shorts . 	I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend . 
 This one suits better . I will take it . 	I need to go to the ATM . 
 It is hard to come by in life that you experience this kind of ' comfortable ' 	The total for all these items comes to $ 36.78 . 
 For one year , that's what I usually do . Better interest , you know . 	Can I ask you a question ? 
 Not really . We need to dismantle the conveyor belt and replace the rollers . 	Hi , Jim ! When did you get back ? 
 He has a finger in the pie . 	Next time you buy veggies or fruits , have them bagged and weighed before you come here . 
 No problem . 	Mr . Phillips ? I have a request here from purchasing that needs your approval . 
 Thank you . 	Daniel , I can't catch up with the English teacher very well . 
 OK . 	We're going dancing tonight . 
 OK.madam . I have refunded it.You have to pay $ 15 for it . 	Who is responsible for the accident ? Is it Tony ’ s fault ? 
 Congratulations ! 	Excuse me . May I take a picture of you ? 
 Because it's better , easier and cheaper to get them from the food we eat . 	I hear you're being sent to Madrid for the annual conference . Is that right ? 
 That's exactly what I want , thank you . 	I'd like to make a reservation to Rome . 
 Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in . 	Excuse me , Mr . , Macmillan ? Could you tell me the fax number for Mr . Winthrop ’ s office , please ? 
 That sounds fine . 	That woman is a thorough drag ! 
 Me either , but I ’ m dealing with it anyway . 	So how long do you plan to live here ? 
 I do have the confidence , but I still worry about her . 	Good morning , Maintenance Department . 
 Well , we can do nothing about it . 	Hi , Doris . You look a little bit down . What's the matter ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	I'll talk to you later . 
 All right . No problem . What ’ s your extension ? 	Lousy weather , isn't it ? 
 Yes , but I don't want my Mom to tap my phone when I call Clive . 	Honey , I ’ ll be right back ! 
 You'll be able to take the test again in a couple weeks . 	Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our company to take into consideration ? 
 Thanks , Sue . 	I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position . 
 As long as you don ’ t treat it better than your wife , it ’ s fine . 	Hello , Is this EYE computers ? 
 I prefer a variety show without a host . 	You have been so busy these months . What are you up to ? 
 You've got it ! But are we coming back for the music , or for the fruit ? ! 	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? 
 Bye-bye . 	I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . 
 Of course , I'm sure you will like it . 	who is your favorite NBA star ? 
 I'll just get a Snickers then . 	how's it going ? 
 Mm , yeah , that ’ ll be great . Tell him I ’ ll see him then . 	Would you like a cigarette ? 
 My feet is size 37 . 	Next , please . May I help you , sir ? 
 You must feel very uneasy at his home . 	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat.oh , there he is . 
 No problem . 	Which kind of sport do you like to watch ? 
 I can't bear eating less . 	There will be a party in my company ; what shall I wear ? 
 That's much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings . 	Bob ! 
 Come with me , please . 	What's your weight ? 
 I think you're right , but it does seem that there are always a few co — workers that are harder to work with than others . 	Excuse me . I want to pay the bill . 
 Great ! I'm having a great time . 	Do you take a bus to and from work ? 
 Yes . No need to change . 	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing ! 
 Now that ’ s a great idea ! 	Hi , I'm out of here . Here's my key . 
 No , I enjoy travelling . 	Oh , sir . I lost my passport . 
 See you . 	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ? 
 Ok . 	The mosquitos are biting me ! 
 thanks doctor . I ’ ll get these immediately . Goodbye . 	Waitress , can I have the bill , please ? 
 Perhaps I should call her later . 	Excuse me , can you recommend some places for us to go tonight ? 
 Good luck ! 	So how did you like the restaurant ? 
 Not long actually . So I'm sure I will learn a lot from our cooperation . 	You didn ’ t show up in the morning meeting . What ’ s up ? 
 Susan has already given me a list of all the stationery which we need to buy . 	This is today ’ s schedule . At 8: 30AM , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives . 
 I'm going to refund your money right now . 	You know Ernie , it seems we both like the same artists . 
 Oh , my God . It's so dangerous . And he might break his leg . You mustn't do anything like that . 	Can I help you find something ? 
 Mr . White , too . 	I feel confused by all the diet options out there . I don ’ t know which one actually works . 
 Thank you very much . Bye . 	Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? 
 That's reasonable . OK , thank you very much . 	Vince , I think one of your programmers is spying on us for WebTracker . 
 Merry Christmas to you ! 	May I take yor order now ? 
 Thank you for your understanding . 	I'm not satisfied with it . 
 Yeah , time is money . We really need to make good use of it . 	David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ? 
 Oh great ! Sounds like something I need to bring Kleenex to ! 	How much do you have budgeted for our trip to Las Angeles ? 
 They are very uncomfortable . But women always wear uncomfortable shoes ! 	It's very kind of you to come and see us off . 
 I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers . 	So Beth , what kind of music do you listen to ? 
 Yes , I do . Everyone . 	My uncle passed away last night . 
 To be honest , I'm not exactly sure what we require just now . 	Good morning , Miss Wu ! Can I ask you something ? 
 Yes , you can take your letters to the counter over there . 	This is No . 1 bus , bound for Sihun . 
 Whatever you choose , make sure they are neat and clean . 	I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again . 
 Yes . Now I've got it . Thank you very much . 	Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday . 
 This is just right for me . I'll take this one . 	Mom , can I have more allowance ? 
 You have to pay attention to trimming them from time to time . 	Why did you stay home today ? 
 I buy a national newspaper sometimes , buy I nearly always buy a local evening newspaper . I find the local news more interesting than national or international news . 	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ? 
 OK . If any of the articles was damaged during moving , you may make a claim for compensation with our department . 	Is there a problem , officer ? 
 That's nothing . 	Where is Tom ? 
 Oh , lots of things . Mostly training new people . 	Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? 
 Bye . See you . 	I'd like to have a berth ticket to Shanghai . 
 I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that decision until later . 	Hello , I'd like to subscribe to a magazine . 
 Let me take a look . Just a second . That ’ s no problem , Susan . See you on Wednesday . 	How much tea are you going to order ? 
 Check and double check . 	Hi there , Philip . How ’ s everything going ? 
 Sure , my credit card number is ... 	I am afraid I have some bad news for you . It's about our order contract O5TSWAL . 
 So , I can talk to my Personal Banker 24/7 . That's really thoughtful of you . And I have to say , I love the new look of the bank . 	Excuse me , would you like to be our guide ? 
 Okay . Wait a minute please . 	I've heard that Tom is going to move . 
 My mum and my sister do the housework and cooking but I clean my room . 	I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution . 
 I ’ Ve been thinking of doing that lately ! I don ’ t want some banker to run off with my money ! 	Come on , Jenny , we are heading our way to the Opera House . 
 Brooke ! 	Hello , this is Francis . 
 Let's go . It sounds interesting . 	Would you be willing to accompany me to the party tonight ? 
 Go ahead . 	Have you heard that Tom and his wife divorced ? 
 What I do is find the website of shops . Then someone from our company visits the shop and buys when they ’ re seen that the products are genuine and suitable . 	Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English . 
 Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault . 	Gordon , you're ever so late . 
 Thank you . Now I know how to travel by air . 	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe . 
 Why don't you make me some oatmeal and toast ? 	Good afternoon , Miss Tao . Please sit down . 
 Yeah , I need to take a break . 	Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ? 
 It doesn't matter . This one is fine . 	Welcome to our company . 
 Every option you can choose will appear on the screen . That ’ s about it . 	To be a revolutionary needs great courage ! 
 Sure . 	Good morning and welcome . How can I help you ? 
 What do you do there ... hang around , like the kids ? 	Hello . Is everything OK ? Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Mr . Bryant ? Hi , I'm Mike from Florence Incorporated . I'll glad you made it okay . How was your flight ? 
 This pair fits me perfectly . I feel comfortable . 	Good afternoon , you look a little stuck . Can I help ? 
 I wish I had a chance to see it with my own eyes . 	Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals . 
 I think I ’ ll be paying with cash . 	Doctor , I have the worst toothache ! 
 Sure . Let's buy it . 	Bruno's . 
 I don't think I share your view there.The writer is writing about history , society , human nature and so on.It ' s too hard to understand . 	Hello , Shogun Restaurant . 
 That will be fine . 	Do you think I should join the basketball team , Mary ? 
 We're not turning on the heater in May ! You need to take a bath . We'll heat you up and see if you can sweat this thing out . 	It ’ s rather cold . Isn ’ t it 
 Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job . 	I was thinking about applying for the new position . 
 I don't believe ads.What ' s more , I'm already in perfect health . 	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors . 
 Usually the response to the second offer moves along a bit more quickly than the first one . 	She is so beautiful , isn't she ? 
 Be prompt . Don't forget to be friendly and interested . Listen carefully and listen to what they are really asking you . You'll be a hit ! 	Hey Mike . What are you doing ? 
 And then I just sign here ? You're right ! It certainly is simple and extremely convenient . 	Good afternoon , may I help you ? 
 Thank you . Goodbye . 	Can you help me find a nice gift for my young niece ? 
 Wait a minute , My uncle lives in Beijing and he lives very close to theatre . I ’ Ve telephone here and ask him to go to theatre to require it . We ’ d better have breakfast now . and meet him later . 	Last trip was very terrible . I hope everything will be fine this time . Don ’ t blow it . 
 So ? 	When you are in a restaurant and you want the waiter to bring the bill , what do you do to attract his attention ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Daddy , do you mind helping me prepare the supplies for mountain climbing . 
 Okay , I'll follow your advice . 	Would you find any other available flight to Tokyo ? 
 Yes , please . 	Have you seen our new packing specifications ? 
 Here we go . 	Don't worry . I'm sure you'll do better next time . 
 Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon , too . You ’ Ve been doing some great work ! 	Excuse me , we have book table 6 . Would you please come and tidy the table ? 
 No , I often go there with my friends . 	Bill , I must tell you the truth . You failed the English exam again . 
 OK , I like that place . 	Hello , sir . Is there anything I can help you find ? 
 Besides , don't make it too loose . 	My name is James Owen . I ’ m Manager of Sales . How do you do ? 
 It could be pretty tough studying abroad . Being so far away from home ... 	Do you believe in god ? 
 Then forgive her mistake . 	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office . 
 Yup . 	Grandpa , this seat is for you , for you are the eldest person here and also it's your birthday today . 
 It will be up shortly . Enjoy your food , sir . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Good . I wish I could have another vacation . 	And we got a 50 thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof . 
 Well , I want to let your boss know that she ’ d better hold on to you ! You ’ re a hard worker ! 	Excuse me , Professor . I am going to miss next week's class . 
 I hope so . 	Hi , this is Quipu Corp . Is that Miss Zhang ? 
 You hair is definitely fresh and shiner looking . 	Is that room service ? 
 You ’ ll be lucky ! However , I ’ ll print out the income 3ation I got from the internet and you can do it yourself . 	I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day . Their offices were very impressive , especially their company Logo which is all over the place . There are Logo models in metal , copper , clove , paper . They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . It is really decorated identity . 
 I ’ m on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ? 	Thank you all for coming to our monthly staff correlation meeting . Today we have a lot of new things to introduce to you all , there will be a lot of changes in company policy to accommodate better employee welfare . 
 Well , he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations . 	Excuse me . I am interested in getting a library card . 
 But I am not that someone . I can easily talk him into doing whatever I want him to do . 	I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ’ d like to see Mr . Thomas , please . 
 I see . okay , well let ’ s move on to discuss your education shall we ? 	It's the latest and quite popular among young people . 
 Thank you very much , sir . 	Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ? 
 To each their own ! 	What are you doing this weekend ? 
 Perhaps . i just haven't had time to find them yet . 	Sometimes you look like brains , and sometimes you are simple a Barbie Doll . 
 Let ’ s meet at 12:30 . it will probably take us there or four hours to see all of the exhibits . 	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown . 
 Goodbye . 	Drive me to Kennedy Airport , please ? 
 I see . 	May I help you ? 
 Yes.And you're Mr.Jones , I remember . 	Hello , what can I do for you ? 
 Thanks . I could eat a cow . 	Guess who I saw yesterday ? 
 Don't sweat it . I know just the guy . 	I'd like to check out . 
 I hope you'll see that we are really doing our utmost . 	You are studying here , aren ’ t you ? 
 Yeah , you better give me the insurance , because I am gonna beat the hell out of this car . 	Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ? 
 I ’ m sorry I can ’ t make it.Thank you anyhow . 	I'm afraid I've spilt ink all over the table-cloth . 
 Thank you very much . 	May I help you ? 
 Ohhhh ! 	You were right . It's raining again . 
 Thank you and good luck . 	Hi ! Good morning , Sarah ! 
 Oh great ! Does this mean that the reception is canceled ? 	Oh , my god . I am so heavy now . I gain 10 kilos . 
 If one's available , please . But not over the wing . 	Excuse me , sir , Is this the road to the peace Store ? 
 Here are your ticket and change . 	How do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing ? 
 I agree . I appreciate your helping me . 	Does tea-serving follow any special etiquette in China ? Each time I dropped in at my Chinese friends ' homes , their parents would offer me a cup of hot , strong tea , though they never inquired of me about whether I want it . 
 Oh , that's pitiful . 	I really love this meal . 
 Tell me if it's still not working . 	Hello , is John in ? 
 Yes , actually , the song has been sung since its publication in 1932.People all over the world have sung it in many different languages . 	It's crunch time , isn't it ? I wasn't nervous before the meeting , but now I am . 
 All right . Yes , he does . The registration fee is 7 yuan , please . 	Here comes the last course ! Shall I help you to the dish ? 
 $ 50 a day . 	Doesn't she have any friends ? 
 I appreciate you bringing the wine . It goes well with the chicken . 	I heard you are going out with John ? 
 Not at all . 	This cake is excellent . Where did you buy it ? 
 Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training . 	What are you doing ? 
 Sure . You can find everything all over the world . Let ’ s check it out online ! 	have you ever been to Disneyworld ? 
 I ’ ll tell you all you need to know . 	I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! 
 Oh , dear ! I'll do whatever I can . 	Hello , darling ! Did you have a good day today ? 
 I can tell it from your build . 	Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? 
 Hurry up , Sam . The kettle ’ s boiling . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . I will deal with it . 	Welcome aboard . 
 Forget it , there is no use crying over the spilled milk . 	There are many new kinds of newspapers . I find it hard to choose among them . Which is the most popular paper circulating in our city ? 
 OK , I know now . 	Let's take a coffee break , shall we ? 
 He's over sixty . 	Merry Christmas ! Let ’ s paint the town red . 
 Sure thing . I've got time . 	Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ? 
 I ’ m so sorry that I have got to go . I have a business appointment right now . 	Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ? 
 But both my wife and I prefer taking a bus . 	Sir , here is your curried beef . 
 We also have waterfalls in the mountains . They make the landscapes look very scenic . The landscape has been shapes by millions of years of erosion , especially by water . 	Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ? 
 Just press ENTER and you've done . 	How have you been ? 
 That doesn't sound like a good choice for today though . Let's order ! 	Excuse me . 
 Thank you . 	Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes come to see focus properly . 
 Sorry , sir . We accept cash only . 	May , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic ? 
 That's OK with me . 	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ? 
 I am sure we will . 	I've heard that you've made a new strange friend recently , Sophie . 
 Um . That doesn ’ t really matter . Because we have more French visitors than German . 	How do I get to the post office from school ? 
 Yeah , let me have a try . 	Well , Mr . Brooks . I ’ m sorry , again , for the delay , but we should have everything completed by the time you get back . 
 All right . I'll do that . 	What do you think about studying in the U . S . ? 
 Honey , it's good if you spend money to buy more books . But $ 100 dollars a week is enough for you already . 	What channel did you watch last night ? 
 Really ? Congratulations . 	This is a good basic computer package . It's got a good CPU , 256 megabytes of RAM , and a DVD player . 
 I knew I shouldn't have shown you my new toy ... 	I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ? 
 I will bring you a larger size . 	Bob is getting on in years . 
 Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place . 	Are you engaged ? 
 Thank you . 	How did you get around over there ? Did you rent cars ? 
 There are many sources , such as newspaper , Internet and direct visit . 	Excuse me , sir ? 
 It moved slowly up the stairs , step by step , and I could hear its approaching footsteps . When it finally got to the top of the stairs , I realized that it was my father in his green pajamas . He had gone to get a late night snack . 	The taxi drivers are on strike again . 
 Then you'll need small change . 	Forest Restaurant . What can I do for you ? 
 I know . It took me three weeks , and I work here . 	Her dress looks funny . 
 They produce manifesto . These documents which states their policies . Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election . Voters who often change the party they vote for are Calle 	Welcome to our university ’ s fifties anniversary , Sir . Please have a seat . 
 I love apartment hunting . I ’ ll be happy to go with you . 	Honey , I think I need to go see the doctor . 
 Let's hope so . 	Do you have a moment ? 
 good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months . 	Jenny , I want to go on a picnic . Could you come too ? 
 I think you made the right decision . 	how's your job search going ? 
 Yes , maybe I should . 	Tom , is Jenny crying ? 
 Psychology . 	I have never seen so many flavors of ice cream in one place ! 
 I bet that you wish you hadn't done that . 	Can I help you ? 
 Ok , sign here . 	Hello , hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Would you help me ? 
 I'm always at your service . 	Don't just stand outside . Come on in . 
 Bye . 	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ? 
 You're so thoughtful.Thank you . 	It's your turn to go first . 
 That's a chick flick ! 	Ben , what are you doing ? 
 No , no ... . it's very hard to get lost . There are two lines , one that goes in a circle , the other that is straight . If you get lost , there are always subway attendants that can help you find your way . 	I have a real problem when I meet people . 
 Sorry , it ’ s impossible . 	What do you want to do in this company after five years ? 
 Very well . That can be arranged . 	Are you planning on voting ? 
 then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB . 	Hi , may I get you anything to drink ? 
 Yes , madam . I know that I'll be expected , first of all , to work hard if I'm hired . 	Hello Mei , How about going for a meal this evening ? 
 Certainly , sir . There ’ s a flight at 8: 35 a . m . and one at 10 . 	Many people play sports in China , don't they ? 
 Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror . 	I heard that Janet has got a new job . She ’ s working for the united investment group . I heard that they pay very well . 
 Great . Good work . 	Excuse me , Mr . Graham ? I have something I need to discuss with you . 
 Thank you for your kindly words . 	Morning , Tom . 
 That will be fine . And I can promise you that you'll get the goods about two weeks after we get your purchase order . 	Excuse me . I'm looking for Bluemingdails . Could you tell me how to get there ? 
 Goodbye , and have a nice day . 	Professor , where's Canada ? 
 When I asked him to treat me like he does to my sisters , he jumped down my throat . So I took it out on him by telling him what I thought . 	How are you ? 
 Maybe we can make reservations ahead of time ? 	Let's get together this weekend , is that all right ? 
 You really shouldn't watch so much television . 	Could I trouble you for a minute , Mr . Graham ? 
 No , not for a few months . 	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? 
 I didn ’ t think about it that way . 	I'm so hungry ! I haven't late eaten all day ! 
 I ’ ll have apple pie too , but without ice cream . I have to watch my weight . 	Merry Christmas ! 
 Okay . I'll see you then . 	Where are you going ? 
 Here is the money . 	Hello , Pratt . How was your interview yesterday ? 
 Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth . 	As an experienced interviewer , could you tell me what kind of behavior the interviewer hates most ? 
 Sounds good . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Thanksgiving Day , Independence Day . 	How's your business ? 
 I know . At the inland hotel , they have an interesting policy . When you check out , you put some money in a special box at reception . Each evening , the money in the box is shared equally by the hotel staff . 	My mother bought me a new video game . 
 You can buy them at the souvenir shop near the exit . 	Have you heard that we will have reorganization ? 
 Don't worry . Anyway , you are better than me . 	I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! 
 Don't worry about it . It's just a drop in the bucket . That car has more scratches on it than I can count . 	This man is your fiance , Dolly ? 
 Yeah . She married him at her mother's bidding . 	Hello Martin . Have you been to any events yet ? 
 OK . Thank you . 	Here you are at last ! You're half an hour late , you know . 
 Obviously , it depends on what I'm cooking , but I'd say it generally takes about one and a half hours . 	can I see these silk ties ? 
 Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ’ s family . 	OK . I'll take your bet , as long as the winner gets to pick the movie . What about you , Nick ? 
 Danger , danger ! The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive . Thank you for using our bank . Have a nice day . 	May I try on this dress ? 
 No wonder ! I'd be unhappy , too . 	Good evening . Can I help you ? 
 Well , you can just comfort yourself like that . 	The company is selecting three employees to attend the marketing seminar next month . Did you put your name in for it ? 
 Ok . That sounds like a deal . 	Is this Zhang Lin's home ? 
 Tom , this deal promises big returns for both sides . Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship . 	Anyone home ? Jen ! 
 I think it's bleeding . 	I've come to say goodbye . 
 No problem . 	Would you like to order anything else ? 
 Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you . 	How do you feel ? 
 Just about . 	Hello , is this People's Theater ? 
 No , that should be it . Thank you ! 	Are you a blogger ? 
 Maybe . I will look around . 	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it . 
 Ninety dollars is pretty steep . I'll take it for sixty bucks . 	Is this the counter to pick up parcels ? 
 I'm not going anywhere until later , so I'll clean it then . 	A ticket to London , please . 
 I am all set . He can come anytime . 	I ’ d like to send this parcel to Australia . 
 I hope I will meet her soon . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ’ m too busy to feel lonely ! 	How do you like your overcoat , sir ? 
 Thank you ! 	Ladies and gentlemen , we are heading towards the first spot of our trip-the Louvre . 
 I only watch now . 	How would you describe your relationship with our boss ? 
 Thanks a lot , Brad . I've got to go before the bell rings . 	Did you enjoy the movie ? 
 Thank you . 	I think we have everything in the contract . Shall we sign it ? 
 Yeah , I got home around two . 	Anne , would you please come in for a while ? Please also bring along the minutes of yesterday's management meeting . 
 I can't help it . 	Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly ? 
 Well . I ’ ll see , sometimes the store don't have some one of new kinds of cereal . 	Are you sure you heard right ? 
 I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions . 	Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! 
 Ok . Let ’ s get to work on our advertising campaign . 	Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit . 
 That ’ s great . Thank you . 	Now , David , can I get you a drink ? What will you have ? 
 I'm glad that we've settled the price . 	Fred , is it a good time to talk with you ? 
 Fine ! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon ! 	Ladies and gentlemen , our flight will be delayed for one hour due to the congestion of the airport . 
 Thank you . Room 402 . You're on the 4th floor . This way , please . 	no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor . 
 Mango juice would be perfect . Thank you ! 	Did you understand question number three ? 
 Right . I'll see if I can catch the waitress's eye . 	Hello , Anna speaking ! 
 It's there by the window . 	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ? 
 There are times of games planned , should have a grand time . 	how come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now ? 
 Don't worry . I'll help you with it later . 	Good morning , madam . Can I help you ? 
 Of course . You will have the local specialties . 	I hear little Bob has recovered . 
 Why not ? 	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ? 
 I will . Enjoy your meeting ! 	Paul , is this Paul , isn't it ? 
 It's a pleasure . 	May I speak to Peter ? 
 I'd be glad to . What is it ? 	Excuse me , here is my claim tag , but I can't find my baggage . 
 I ’ m sorry . But I don ’ t meant to get your goat . 	Would you recommend some places for sightseeing ? 
 I'm getting by OK . I heard MicroPower was going to make Zina president of their new invoking Internet division . 	Yes , sir ? 
 I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time 	Have heard of Paul ? 
 No problem . 	It's such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping . 
 Last year when I visited China . 	When do you celebrate Thanksgiving ? 
 I believe it'll be very expensive . 	Can I help you ? 
 It's better than picking up dog poop . 	Excuse me , waiter . Could we change our table for that one ? My wife is quite interested in the scenery . 
 None , I guess . My only passion is on reading . 	Car trouble center . How may I help you ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Did you get the car you wanted ? 
 If I am not in the service center , I will assist others in resolving the consumer complaints . And pass the criticism on to the relevant department . 	I enjoyed talking to you . 
 Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ’ t think place is magical in any way . 	I wouldn't dare go bungee jumping . 
 they look delicious . I think she'll be pleased . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 By all means . 	The new webpage design is much more effective than before . I feel confident it will rope in a lot more business because of its user-friendly format . 
 I got the short end of the stick . 	Hello Michael . 
 Perfect ! I'll take it ! 	Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ? 
 I do agree with you . 	What do you think of smoking ? 
 Bye . 	Could you tell me how to use the library ? 
 Sounds not good . I won't take it . 	This is your schedule . 
 Dumplings . 	Hi , I'm home ! Can you double that recipe ? I ran into an old friend after work and invited him for dinner . 
 Certainly , Mr . Smith . 	I'm going to have to do some shopping today . 
 Certainly , sir . We hope you have a good trip . 	Can you play tennis ? 
 No , that ’ s it . Thank you very much . 	good morning . How can I help you ? 
 Yes , my sister loves his personality . 	Can you name some festivals of religious nature ? 
 Thank you , Kenvir . You're so kind . 	Can I take your order now or do you still want to look at the menu ? 
 He's a chicken guy . 	Jenny , are you having fun here ? 
 It's just you ! 	Peter , where are you going ? 
 Thanks , Ma'am . 	Would you like to order now ? 
 No problem , Miss . 	Who's that man over there talking to James ? 
 Well , let's shake on that and draw up the details of the contract . 	Would you allow me to drive your car ? 
 I ’ m sure they will . 	We've been discussing the project for two hours . Let's take a break . 
 Thank you , Doctor . 	I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . 
 I'm a clerk in a shop . 	I ’ m thinking about getting a pet , but I ’ m really not sure which animal would be suitable . Could you give me some advice ? 
 I'd be up for that ! 	What do you expect to be doing five years from now ? What are your medium-term career goals ? 
 Thank you , Doctor.Goodbye . 	Did you call me ? 
 Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside . 	Would you please mail these letters , Lucy ? 
 I remember now . Your advice is very helpful . 	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ? 
 I think you should definitely apply for the position . 	What did he say ? 
 Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage . 	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift ! 
 I would take it . After all , interest is not the only thing one should care about . 	Excuse me , could I have a menu please ? 
 I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy because my passport was in the stolen bag . 	Tomorrow I'll take you to some places that I'm sure you will have interest in . 
 Yean . Around five feet five inches tall . 	The results of the poll show Bill Clinton's approval rating has gone up in his second term . Do you find that interesting ? 
 Oh , yes . That's just the one I want . I will take it . 	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? 
 Wow ! I'm so happy for you . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ? 	Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go . 
 Well here . Help yourself to some shrimp . It's fresh . 	The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ? 
 It'll start on lst September . 	Tell me something about your work experience . 
 Okay , I will . 	What would you like on your pizzas ? 
 He can barely make ends meet . 	How was your interview ? 
 We do face a lot of challenges because there is still much uncertainty about the world economy . It's very important for us to strike a proper balance between investment in fixed assets and household consumption . 	Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him ? 
 It's easy . If you do exercise everyday , you can make it , too . 	Is this seat taken ? 
 Wow . That's too much for me . Don't you have anything cheaper ? 	Do you think Mr . Johnson is a good worker ? 
 Thank you . 	I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs . 
 Yes , I haven't seen you for four years.How time flies ! 	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? 
 Ok , let's sign it . 	It ’ s dangerous . I don ’ t dare to go . 
 Great . See you then . 	Hi.Mike . 
 Aright . I'll meet you there at one o'clock . 	Peter , listen to the lyrics of this song . 
 Thanks , byebye . 	Who got ripped off ? 
 No problem , Rod . I won't play too hard . 	Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long to get ready the morning ? 
 Yes , let's go . 	Morning , Madam . This is the window for Foreign Exchange Savings . How can I help you ? 
 Nice meeting you , too . 	I'd like to talk with you again about what happened . 
 I'm sure it's nothing serious , probably just a minor fault . I'll have a look at it . 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Well , don't worry . I ’ ll take care of the business for you . Have fun ! 	Oh , it's ten o'clock . I'd better go now . 
 You're welcome . 	Dentale Associates . I'm afraid there's nobody available to answer your call . Please leave your name and telephone number and we'll call you back . Please speak clearly after the beep . 
 Their interest rates are usually quite high . It ’ s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest . 	Excuse me . I'd like to apply for an immigrant visa . 
 Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here . 	Union Bank . How can I be of service ? 
 I ’ m afraid I never go for a holiday . It ’ s always business . 	I'm going to Japan this year on vacation . 
 Maybe I'll be the one . 	Do you know Sally ? 
 So , you want me to carry your backpack , your thermos flask , our picnic , and you as well . No problem , jump on . 	It's Sunday today . 
 Suddenly the ' great outdoors ' isn't so appealing . Let's hike a little faster ... 	Good morning . I'd like to buy 2 tickets . 
 Fine , I'll go do that for you . 	I'd like to book a ticket to Shanghai . 
 Just remember to hold on to your ticket . You need it to get out of the station when you get there . 	Your knowledge of English is really surprising . 
 I think , as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same with marriage . 	I've typed the report . 
 Wish him to be healthy soon . 	Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the post office ? 
 Many thanks for your present . I'm so glad you are able to come . 	It's really late but I'm starving . 
 Thank you . Oh , it tastes excellent . 	Are there pets allowed in this apartment ? 
 He's always confused by easy questions . 	So you're traveling around the world , aren't you . 
 I don't agree with someone else's opinion if I think he's wrong , but when I understand his thinking and see he has some good ideas , then I'm very happy to go along with him . 	Is there a lot of oil and coal in your country ? 
 At least we agree on that . Let's go and get a drink . 	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there . 
 Oh this is hard ! Well , I ’ ll see what I can do . 	Do you feel all right ? 
 Forget it . I'll see you at 11:30 am . 	Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you ? 
 I ’ m sorry . Ms . Murphy . I ’ ll re-work it . Can I give it back to you this afternoon ? 	how's it going ? 
 Bye . 	How much further do we have to walk ? 
 It's normal . Time will change everything . 	Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over ? 
 She ’ s my friend ’ s ten-year-old niece . I guess there won ’ t be another wedding in this family for a long time . 	Great party , isn ’ t it ? 
 Then you haven't browsed eBay before ... get online . Don't hang up ! 	Sorry , Mary , I can't make it in time for dinner . 
 OK . Bye ! 	Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time . 
 It sounds quite simple . Next time when I travel abroad , I will apply for this kind of check too . 	He has lots of hobbies . 
 OK . 	Hello ! Is this Mr . Chang ? 
 All right 	Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ? 
 Yes , I have . But I have to wait . 	What are your strengths and weaknesses ? 
 I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo . 	We're on the same team here , Elvin . I'm being nice because we need to get along together . 
 Can you bring me something ? I am totally hooked on this game ! 	Hello , Mr.Green . This is Lin Tong . How are you ? 
 For the most part , yes . If you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night . 	Hey , How's it going ? 
 It ’ s a very quiet neighbourhood . There ’ s some traffic , but not much . It ’ s not very difficult to get to the city centre , but you must remember to turn left and right at the right places or you ’ ll get lost . So when are you going to drop by ? 	Hey , Dora ! What kind of books do you like to read ? 
 I guess we'd better get back to work . 	Lately I've felt that company morale is at an all-time low what can your firm do to help get my business back on track ? 
 Unfortunately , I missed a chance to see a classic movie . 	Welcome back movie lovers to another Premier Movie Review . My name is Richard Clarke and I am joined today by the very erudite DavidWatson . 
 The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now . 	Mr . Simpson , if you are free , how about a lunch ? 
 Yeah , their expressions were exactly the same ! 	Hello , this is 5735647 5 . 
 let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you ... 	I need some flowers for my wife because it is her birthday . 
 Well . How do you know ? 	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ? 
 OK . I hope you will be in touch with me shortly . 	What courses are you taking ? 
 I think you ’ re right . There needs to be an international response to this problem . 	What is the correct time , please ? 
 After all the crises they have survived together , her husband should do such things . She must feel that she ’ s been stabbed in the back . 	Can you help me , please ? Is there a public restroom near here ? 
 Thank you . 	I ’ ll show you around and explain the operation as we go along . 
 Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton . 	Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? 
 Sounds a bit too far fetched to be true , don't you think ? 	How did your vacation go ? 
 A lot of people feel the same way . 	Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day . 
 Oh ? I heard she dumped you . Anyway , she's right over there . Oh , Sheryl ! 	Are you sure this is the right restaurant ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you today ? 
 Not much better.Thank you . 	OK , Mr . Wang . Thank you very much for coming to the airport to see us off . Your great country and your hospitality have left a very deep impression on all of us and your working attitude and your way of doing business have changed my opinions about Chinese people . 
 Marvelous idea ? 	I'd like to rent a car . 
 Sorry , I couldn ’ t help you . 	We have achieved great success last year.The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service . 
 It's a pleasure . 	Hello . Is this Ann ? 
 I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him . 	911 . What can I do for you ? 
 I Couldn't care less . 	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 
 Oh . I see . Thanks . 	I like the Honda Accord you showed me before . I think it's more practical for my needs . 
 Thank you so much . 	Lisa , I ’ Ve been thinking of something . 
 Yes . No need to change . 	Happy Mother ’ s Day , Mom ! 
 The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has . 	I'm glad we took the train . I don't like to ride in buses . 
 Okay . How tiring the job is ! 	Oh dear , Miss , you are soaked ! Wow , it's really raining heavily outside . 
 No , they are in a position of leadership and have more experience than normal account managers , but they do not directly supervise others . They are not members of the managerial staff and will not be included in our training . 	Do you like ethnic food ? 
 All right , then . Why don ’ t we say next Tuesday at 11:30 a . m . ? 	Would you like a cup of coffee ? 
 It might be good to you . But please keep in mind that too much tanning damages the skin rather than does any good to you . You might end up with skin cancer . 	What's your main range ? 
 You bet . 	Don ’ t do that again . You are riding the tiger . 
 You need to turn that in at Window B . 	Bob , did you see our supervisor ? I need him to sign this paper . 
 All right . Leave these ads with me . I ’ ll speak to him this morning . 	I was just about to go to bed when the telephone rang last night . 
 On the rocks , please . 	I have to go home now , Jenny . Thanks for inviting me to your party . 
 Can you pick me up from the airport ? 	May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ? 
 Yes , at the end of the hall . 	Is our destination the amusement park ? 
 OK , that's perfect , 70 % is excellent , it'll be a big help . Thanks . 	Uh-oh . I'm in trouble . 
 Really ? I've already opened this one.Say , this is sweater , and it's just what I need to go with my new suit.Thank you ever so much . 	Three twenty-five cent stamps , please . 
 It ’ s true . You should be happy about that . 	Hi , Tina , I've got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . 
 Son , you just go back to bed , and stop crying wolf . 	I'm hungry , let's order up something to eat . 
 Coke is fine.Thank you . 	Flip it to channel 9 , will you , Janet ? There's a big basketball game on in a couple of minutes . 
 ( 2 minutes later ) Mr . Lin , Mr . Charles can see you now . This way , please . 	Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate ! 
 I might try it myself . 	Do you have maps of downtown area ? 
 I just cann't believe my ears ! 	Hello . This is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ? 
 Thanks a lot . Give me one ticket , please . 	Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time . 
 You'd have a revolution on your hands if you tried to introduce that sort of system here . 	Simon , may I introduce you to Linda ? You don ’ t know each other , do you ? 
 OK . 	You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout . 
 My wife , my daughter and I . 	Hi , where have you been ? 
 I guess you get what you pay for . 	John , I was talking to the travel agent about where we might be taking our vacation this year . 
 That sounds fine to me . Yes , I think 6 months is the way to go . 	May I come in ? 
 One last thing . Is it waterproof ? 	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan . 
 We have just 10 days for the vacation . 	Do you want to go out for dinner tonight ? 
 7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 . 	What's the matter with you , Paul ? 
 I'd love to , but I'm broke . Maybe after payday . 	I feel dizzy and I have a headache . 
 Then , is the machine broken or ... 	Excuse me , would you tell me who that girl is ? 
 Thank you . 	You can keep these books for only half a month . 
 Well , this storm originated in the plateaus in northwest China . At the moment , that area is calmer . 	Hello . 
 it ’ s too bad I did all that shopping yesterday ! 	I need a taxi , please . 
 I'm working on it . Really ! 	I would like to get some meat today . 
 I actually try to avoid name-brand items . I can't stand it when big companies advertise their products all over the place ! 	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor . 
 Excellent . Class is over . Let's have a break . 	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ? 
 You can wear more clothes . 	Which season do you like best ? 
 there's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon . 	Can I make preservation now ? 
 you are welcome . Come in early tomorrow and I'll show you how to do the scheduling . 	I ’ m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too ? 
 How amazing ! 	Your prices seem a little high . 
 Thanks . 	Say , what's you favorite sport ? 
 Great . Welcome to our company . 	What type of people do you work with most effectively ? 
 don't mention it . 	Oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people . 
 cool . 	Hi , Alan . I feel very nervous because I am going to have a job interview next Monday . Could you please give me some suggestions ? 
 Is it ? 	Susan , good evening . Why are you so dressed up ? 
 I am innocent . 	Hello ! 
 My grandmother needs me to help her trim her roses that day . 	Waiter , please bring me some toast . 
 No sweat . Just go back and talk him down . Here comes Wei . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Our nurse can take good care of him . 	So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet . 
 I guess it could happen . 	The client you're meeting tomorrow likes to ask a lot of questions , so you have to be well prepared . 
 Me , too . I think he ’ s really a shoulder to cry on . 	I'd like to have these shirts washed and ironed . 
 I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile . 	I want to rent skis and boots . 
 Thank you very much for your hospitality . 	Who's that tall guy over there ? 
 Great ! Work is really busy now , but it's fun . 	Good morning . May I speak to Mr . Black , please ? 
 More than 100 times . The flight takes off at 12:00 . 	Your knowledge of English is really surprising . 
 Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . 	I need some flowers for my girlfriend . 
 All right , let me get your meat for you . 	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday . 
 Good idea ! 	I immigrated here last year . 
 Just in case you have to leave , we will just use the master key . 	May I help you ? 
 You are so thoughtful . 	Is there anything wrong with your food this evening , Miss ? 
 Thank you . 	She has contributed to a new school . 
 Of course , Sir . 	How do you want your hair cut ? 
 No problem . 	Professor , could I make an appointment with you ? 
 Until next weekend , if that's OK . 	What kind of person do you consider yourself to be ? 
 Because I like the feeling of cooperating with others . 	Is this American Airlines ? 
 I'm afraid there isn't . 	Our company is going to do some cutbacks soon . 
 It ’ s really elegant and it fits you really well . 	Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ? 
 It's on the tip of my tongue . I think it starts with a ' B ' . 	Are you okay ? 
 Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ’ s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory . 	... So what I think we need to do is ( XXXXXXXXXX ) finish on time . 
 Me , too . At this time of the year , I often miss my home in the warm south . 	Where is the shelf of best-sellers ? 
 I see.We had a table reserved for you.This way , please . 	Hello , Bobby , It seems that I can't arrive at your home by 12 o'clock . 
 The area can be a bit rough in the evenings , but the neighbors watch out for each other , so it ’ s ok . 	May I help you ? 
 yes , I have . I need them to help me with these new dished I ’ m trying to make . I need a little more practice before I invite guests over . 	Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . 
 All right , see you later . 	He thought he could take Jimmy in , but you know , Jimmy is no fool . 
 Well , good luck ! 	Last week , we had a performance review on all the staff in our department in last quarter . Stevens , can you provide more information about the performance review ? 
 I'm sure you have a talent . It's just hidden . 	Hello , Sir . Are you still there ? 
 No , it's too loud in here . 	I need to get some business cards printed up . 
 Not too good yet . Better than I was though . 	Marketing manage office , can I help you ? 
 I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ? 	I can ’ t believe it ! 
 See you tomorrow . 	Have you any idea of the prices of ruby and diamond ? 
 I think so . 	Do you want to rent a car ? 
 OK . 	Tom and Helen got married at last . 
 Don't go to too much trouble . 	How good are you at sports , Bill ? 
 ok . 	You and Bob have finished ? 
 OK . If you sign the Stars.com account before WebTracker does , we'll talk next week . 	I'm a little nervous . 
 Yes , in this position I was able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company . With the different initiatives that we implemented , we lowered our churn rate to about five percent , which had a direct impact on revenue . 	Excuse me , where is the Beijing Railway Station ? 
 Surely , of course . 	How can I tell her about this ? 
 I'll call the tourist information centre to check . 	Room Reservations . May I help you ? 
 Well , i don't see the point of arguing this . 	Have you had any kind of punishment in your college ? 
 Not at all . That's what I should do . 	Have you ever run into a person who tries to bleed you white ? 
 I know . I don't want to get sick , especially during finals week . 	That looks like a bad accident . 
 Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone . 	Good day . Welcome to IBA , what can I assist you with today ? 
 Well , all the passengers and crew members landed on their feet finally . 	I don ’ t know what activity my son should take part in ? 
 What for ? ( Why ? ) 	Are you going somewhere ? 
 No , thanks . That will be all . 	Excuse me , do the buses stop here ? 
 It does look a little strange , I didn't notice that before . 	Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ? 
 OK . I'll pick you up here tomorrow . 	How nice it is here . 
 If you don't know it by now , you might as well not bother studying . 	Hi Bob , how ’ s business ? 
 Well . You should be able to give me some advice on where to stay . At the moment , I am staying in a hotel which is far away from the school . 	My throat is really dry . 
 That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday . 	How do you get paid ? If you don't mind my asking . 
 I'm sure the output of your production will increase a lot . 	Do you really think we can beat WebTracker ? 
 No problem , sir . 	who are you writing a letter to ? 
 All right . Thank you . 	I see by your resume that you have been working ? 
 The idea of doing it at night is interesting . Maybe I'll try it some day . 	Good morning , Jerry . How's everything ? 
 I'd be glad to . He's really cute . 	Excuse me , Miss . 
 Certainly not . The object of weigh is to surround a larger area than the opponent . In other words , each side is struggling for a greater living space by mapping out a territory on the board . Hence , chess aims to kill , while weigh is most concerned with howso survive . 	This broth is wonderful . What's in it ? 
 I am sorry to hear that , but face the music . 	Good morning , Mary ! 
 no , should I have ? 	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good . 
 No , but someone said he was in the men's room puking . Follow me ! 	Welcome , how may I help you today ? 
 Sure . Let ’ s go . 	Yes , sir . May I help you ? 
 Mothers like that . 	I'm going to the fair now.if any one looks for me . ask them to call the fair . 
 Don ’ t worry . We won ’ t be the first . 	Steven , you are always looking in good shape . How do you keep it ? 
 Yes , people surely can . He's whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	Hi Brittany . What are you doing with all of your clothes on your bed ? 
 Of course , sir . 	Balista , I'll have a frappuccino . 
 Sure . Join my class next week . 	Can I help you ? 
 Very comfortable . I'll take them . 	So what kind of music turns you on ? 
 Thanks so much . 	Were you at the scene during the robbery ? 
 I will . 	Did you have a good holiday ? 
 No , nothing of the kind . 	Did you watch the live telecast of the World Cup last night ? 
 That's right . We've been dating since last September . 	Yes , madam , can I help you ? 
 Fine . At 3:30 ? 	Could you type up this document for me , Sandra ? 
 You are welcome . Please press the button when you need any help . 	An interesting meeting , isn't it ? 
 I hope that the test results show me to be really healthy . 	Excuse me.May I see the manager of your store ? 
 I know , it ’ s a big one . 	What is the weather like today ? 
 Oh , this is over my head . It ’ s too professional . 	Would you show us the menu ? 
 Not too worry , so tell me about yourself . 	Can you tell me the price for a bus pass ? 
 21st Talent Website , 51 Job , and Zhaopin.com are most popular . 	Excuse me . May I take you a picture ? 
 But the Brazilian is tougher . 	how are you ? 
 Gee ! I don't know what to say ! Thanks so much . 	Hi ! How are you going ? 
 I am glad you like it . 	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan Green . 
 Bingo ! 	I'm looking for a white purse as a gift . Could you show what you have in stock ? 
 Awesome . You'll see that they are really catchy . 	Elegance Hotel , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Why not come over to work in my company ? 
 Thank you . 	How are you doing , Jim ? 
 Yes , it ’ s a small world . We never know where we ’ ll meet someone we know . 	And lots of " Dear Abby " sob stories ... 
 Well , maybe when I get old . But first I'll be a lawyer . 	I don't know about you , but I'm famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ? 
 Well , in that case . I will call the manger , you can talk directly with him . 	Can I talk to you for a moment , manager ? 
 That ’ s right . Make sure you give the accounts department all your bank account details as soon as possible . 	What a nice day ! 
 Certainly , Ms . Ransom . Do you have an order number ? 	Do you have any particular conditions that you would like our firm to take into consideration ? 
 Thanks , a coke , PLS . 	You look kind of green . 
 We can take it . Just a moment ... Please sign here . 	May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law . 
 OK , let's go and ask . 	This position requires a high level of English ability . How is your spoken and written English ? 
 I ’ m afraid I ’ ll be late . 	How do you do ? 
 Your daughter should get straight A's from now on . Good-bye . 	These things are always oooo boring . Heard any gossip ? Anybody making the big bucks ? 
 The heroin may not be attractive . I like the story , though . 	Ahhs ! I'm beat ! 
 Our family is a little different . We go to church on Christmas Eve instead . 	What do you want to eat today ? 
 It is serious . 	Can you speak English ? 
 I am sorry , we will connect with the room service.Please Warta moment . 	I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ? 
 I'm planning to discuss the advertising budget at the conference . I don't think we should continue with the TV advertising . 	Hello , I ’ d like to speak to Kate . 
 I understand . Thank you very much . 	Have you ever thought of going to Africa ? 
 I'm so familiar with her songs , but I don't know what kind of person she is in real life . 	Nurse , I am sure to die soon . They just don't tell me the truth , I know . 
 Well , that ’ s life , isn ’ t it ? 	That way they look longer . 
 You're welcome . 	Hello ? 
 Don't worry , time is enough . 	Hi , are you Catherine ? 
 Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant . 	Hey , you , pick up that piece of garbage ! 
 Well , it still hasn ’ t reached its destination . I wonder if you could track it down for us . Mr . Reynolds is a bit concerned . 	Hello ! So you are leaving today . 
 I'd love to . 	I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport . 
 Good question . But I will tell you when you pass the first two . 	May I speak to Mrs . Liu , please ? 
 Oh , did you ? That's very easy to do . 	Mary , my friend recommend me for a job to work in a company , and I feel it's great . 
 Sorry , I couldn ’ t help you . 	How is the result of your lab test ? 
 Thank you . 	Hey there ! I ’ Ve been hoping to run into you . Are you busy tomorrow morning ? 
 Let me see . That is no problem . I'll see you then . 	Excuse me , sir . Can I help you ? 
 I work in a cubicle too , but I I don ’ t mind it . 	Well , I guess that ’ s about it . Everything ’ s packed and ready to go . 
 What are you talking about , we tried everything ! 	Did you hear the news ? Two of our major suppliers , Murphy Music and U-Tunes are merging ! If they are conglomerated into one company into one company , it would have some serious affects on our market strategy . 
 They're transported to the workstations on automated vehicles - robot trucks - which run on guide rails around the factory . 	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit . 
 That's a good idea , I think I will try that at the next meeting . 	Maintenance Department . May I come in ? 
 I'm 32 . 	Hello . I need to speak with Allan Cartwright . 
 I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ? 	Hello , how can I be of service ? 
 OK . 	My Buddha ! ! It's beautiful ! But I thought you were afraid ? 
 You ’ re right , sir . I apologize . I ’ ll get those files for you now . 	This visit is over for me . Here's your room key . 
 No , I think that I've had enough of this restaurant . 	How do you usually part your hair ? 
 I wish you the best of luck . 	I'm the coolest high-tech stud around ... 
 Wow ! I ’ m very excited about your ceremony . 	May I have your order , please ? 
 Oh , honey , I think you've caught a cold , you should get a shot . 	Hey Jack . Are you excited about starting work ? 
 I guess you'll never forget today . 	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation ! 
 Good luck to them . 	Hello , ladies . I'm firing up the grill . We can eat in an hour or so . 
 See you . 	John , could you come to my office ? I need to talk to you . 
 P-a-r-k-i-n-g m-e-t-e-r . 	The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Good day , what can I do for you ? 
 Right . Okay , let me see what I can do . How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting ? 	Good afternoon.Swiss Airline.Miss Grown speaking . Can I help you ? 
 Yes , please . 	Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ? 
 Let's go . 	Of course ! Of course ! Here you are . Thank you so much . 
 Yes , he's breathing , but he's not conscious ! Oh , please hurry ! 	Advance Reservations . Can I help you ? 
 They may have some difficulty in doing it . 	Are you still hungry , Ryan ? How about some more squid balls ? 
 I suppose so . 	There ’ re traffic jams everywhere . 
 Thanks for your help . 	Good morning . Please come into my office . 
 perhaps I ’ m being too shy . I should go out more too and not spend time worrying about tests ! 	This is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up . 
 You can get dressed as soon as the film is processed . We will be all done here . 	Show me your passport and declaration please . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	What channel did you watch last night ? 
 Well , we offer a 10 % charge for our members . 	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ? 
 I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork . 	That new Sony camcorder you've got is just beautiful . 
 Okay , I'll get Bob to cover you . 	what's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired . 
 That is truly amazing ! 	Waiter , can you come here for a moment ? 
 Sure ! It's txyb@gmail.com . 	My stay is over . Here's the key to my room . 
 In other words , too much emphasis on it is undoubtedly to neglect the essentials . 	Could we have the honor of you presence of the meeting ? 
 ok . Thanks for your support . 	Did you go to the basketball game on Friday ? 
 Hey ! That “ stuff ” is my grandma's cooking , and it's good ! 	Harry , come here immediately ! 
 So have you ever been to the stamp display of the town ? 	Has your family lived here for long ? 
 It might be . You'll have to go see for yourself . 	Good morning ! 
 It really doesn't matter at all . I never did like it anyway . 	Just whose fault is this damage ? 
 Me too . 	My girlfriend dumped me . 
 He was too desperate to find some other way . 	Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming . 
 A cold-wave , please . 	I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside . 
 Actually , he's the most dependable person I know , and he would never turn on anyone . 	Is the factory fully-automated ? 
 Well , live and learn . It seems we'll have to waive the claim . 	I'm famished ! Let's get some grub ! 
 OK . Let's take a walk and look for a shop that does . 	How does it fit ? 
 Exactly . 	Do you like shopping ? 
 All right . Make it a double , will you ? 	Good afternoon . What can I do for you ? 
 It ’ s my pleasure . 	What bus can I catch to get to the Gold Line ? 
 Great . See you then . 	What do you think about our company ? 
 Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you ! 	Hey , how are you doing ? 
 Merry Christmas ! 	You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ? 
 By all means.But you have to deposit enough money before you can write out your checks . 	I passed all the tests , Mom . 
 Yes . She lives on the next block . 	Hello , Ms . Murphy ? 
 I'd like both . 	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? 
 I'm sure management is on top of it . 	The central Hotel , please . I have to be there by 6:00 . 
 Yeah , sure . Your total is seventy-eight dollars and thirty-three cents . Here is your receipt . Have a nice day . 	I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit . 
 I can try , but knowing Margaret she will see through that immediately . 	You said you like classical music very much . Then who is your favorite opera star ? 
 Wonderful . I ’ d like to know why you ’ re interested in this position at our paper . 	Anything else , sir ? 
 It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ’ d be different . 	Okay , so we're agreed on 900 . 
 I feel sorry , but that's the decision of the directorate . 	I would like to have a new suit made . something in a dark blue wool . 
 We'll go tomorrow . 	Your house is very old . Does it need redecorating ? 
 I promise . 	Hi , Elvin . How are the new programmers I got for you ? 
 Sure . If we can get an appointment with someone to do the floors , we should probably be able to have the furniture in here after a week or so . I can get all the carpet out this weekend . 	Hello , John . How are you ? 
 Oh , it seems like it was just yesterday . 	Mr . Wilson . We very regret the mistakes in goods . I am very sorry and we are responsible for the mistake . 
 That ’ s not the end . They were so good that they convinced a bystander to help them lift the motorcycle and put it in the truck . 	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ? 
 My pleasure . 	John hasn't turned up and Stefan is ill . Do we have anyone on stand-by ? 
 Do you have any different ideas ? 	He's only interested in harassing you . How can he expect us to have so much time to waste ? 
 No problem . Please fill in this transfer form that will authorise us to send the amount from the Securities Company to your account . 	What do you want for your birthday from your parents ? 
 I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office . 	You ’ re all set now ? 
 A $ 100 000 policy shouldn't be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He'll give you a good deal . 	OK , Lucy.It ' s your turn.Are you ready ? 
 But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things . 	Excuse me . would you lend me some wreckers 
 I can only read the first three lines . 	How do you like the play ? 
 I know that's what I must do . 	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven't seen you for a while . 
 Stop picking on me . I am going to be mad . 	Where is some fresh produce that's on sale ? 
 Well , I can't hear you . 	How nice these frames are ! 
 Okay . I'll just be a minute . 	Let's get together this weekend . 
 So do I . 	( At the MET station ) Hurry up ! We are running late for school . 
 I know it does seem a little daunting , but once you get used to it , it will save you a lot of time and trouble . 	I've got to put together a sales pitch to give to our clients in the morning . You always give such amazing presentations , I was hoping you could give me some advice about how to win them over tomorrow . 
 Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . Th 	Sandy , can you help me contact these people ? 
 Maybe you are right . Well , you can talk with them . 	Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ? 
 I couldn ’ t possibly hire you . You can ’ t take shorthand , you can ’ t use a computer , and you can only work part time . 	And anything to drink ? 
 I took such courses as Secretarial Principles , Office Administration , Business English , and Public Relations . 	Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time . 
 I guess they must have figured it would be easier to merge than to keep up the cutthroat competition.If you can't beat'em , join'em . 	Can you look after my son for me tonight ? 
 Yeah , I can ’ t cook anything until tomorrow , anyway . 	May I help you ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Have a nice trip . 	Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ? 
 I look forward to having dinner at your restaurant . Thank you for your help . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 Maybe they will send me e-mail to inform the result . Let me check my mail-box again . 	I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo . 
 Well , we have agreed on all the major points . 	Darling , the airplane is going to take off . I have to go . 
 Thank you , David . 	Fill it up with premium , please . 
 Very well , thank you . 	You look tired . 
 OK . 	Hello , thanks for calling 123 Tech Help , I ’ m Todd . How can I help you ? 
 You are absolutely right . They are too brief . They don't tell you anything . 	Thanks for the pizza . It was delicious . 
 I ’ m relieved to hear that . Anyway , it ’ s my fault . 	Can I help you ? 
 I ’ m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ’ s coast has been hit by hurricane Liliana and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ’ s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ’ clock news . Back to you Bob . 	Mr.Ben , What do you think of the book ? 
 Great . I ’ ll have a shot . 	Welcome to our shop . It seems you are interested in this dress . 
 I ’ m sorry sir , but you can ’ t take any of this into the country . We will also have to check your carry-on . Please step this way . Don ’ t ’ be nervous ; we ’ ll just look through it briefly and then 	Here is your ticket . Let's get in the museum . 
 Thanks , I will . 	I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up . 
 You ’ re welcome , ma ’ am . I ’ ll call you when they ’ re ready . 	Are there any seats left for Saturday night ? 
 Mm . In hundreds , please . 	Do you have any questions ? 
 No way to know . 	I'd like to purchase a pan . 
 They usually do . 	John passed away . 
 Now you know you have to clean your bathtub every time when you use it . 	I'm terrible sorry . I seem to have mislaid your MP4 . 
 Oh , she is going to be a great mother . 	Excuse me , would you like a drink before your meal ? 
 That ’ s what I want to say . 	What's new ? 
 My watch stopped and I didn't know . I certainly need to buy a better one . 	Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . 
 And please shut the door and lock it behind you ! 	Excuse me ? I didn't hear what you said . 
 Maybe you're right . I have been too lazy lately . 	So , you know how to drive , right ? 
 Maybe they forgot to attach it to the letter . You should give them another call . 	Wish you have a blast . 
 Well , actually it ’ s just about luck . 	Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ? 
 All right ! Thank you . 	Wow ! Look at the time . lt's about 11 0 ' clock . 
 Let me see it ! It's so small ! 	So what's wrong with the drain ? 
 You should take a look at all the companies , choose your favorite ones , go over to talk with the interviewer and leave your resume in the end . 	Have you washed any clothes yet ? 
 Are you sure ? 	If I understand the terms correctly , the length of the contract would be one year with a one-year option . Is that correct ? 
 Do not mention it . 	Can you help me for a minute ? 
 Okay , but you are going to be my masterpiece ! 	I believe we ' Ve met before . My name's David . 
 Yeah , you ’ re right . Can ’ t go wrong with that . 	Have you ever been to any other country ? 
 Ok . See you tomorrow . 	what's up ? 
 It's fine . Please wrap it . 	If the weatherman's predictions are accurate , it should rain tomorrow . 
 No , honey , the balcony is full of boxes and things . I'm sorry . 	I'm planning to buy a bicycle . As you are quite a cycling enthusiast , I wish you might give me some advice . 
 You are bragging again . 	What do you think of smoking ? 
 Sure . It's the latest . 	Waitress . 
 It ’ s a pleasant dream , but everything depends on if ! 	We ’ Ve been over this a thousand times . The data is irrefutable ! Look , we ’ Ve done extensive research , built studies , and read the literature , and there is conclusive evidence to support my theory ! 
 My pleasure . 	Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? 
 If you succeed in doing that , you must attend the interview on time . 	Good morning , I ’ m Daniel . I ’ m applying for the positon of manager . 
 Poor child ! 	I hear you bought a new house in the northern suburbs . 
 It's straight down this road on the left , next to the museum . It takes about 10 minutes . 	Good afternoon . I believe that this house is for sale . 
 Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner . 	Have you heard of the Love Bug ? 
 I'd rather use the CIF terms.You ' re welcome to come to talk about it in detail with your general manager and sign a contract . 	How was your appraisal with the boss ? 
 What for ? 	What's his job ? 
 let's watch the Canadian team . They have a good manager and a great coach . 	Did you hear how cold it got last night ? 
 Here you are . Thank you . 	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson . 
 Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ? 	Excuse me ? How can I get to the nearest branch of the national bank ? 
 Not really , but I like watching . 	Does your chicken taste all right ? 
 Ok , I'll have it for a change . 	Is this taxi taken ? 
 Sure , let's . Goodbye , then . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 My I have your name , please , sir ? 	Well , I'm thinking of going to see the ballet Swan Lake by the famous Russian National Ballet Troupe this evening at Beijing Grand Theater . Why don't you join me ? 
 Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed . 	Welcome . Can I help you ? 
 Maybe we should just wait for the next bus . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Bye . 	OK , now let's go on to talk about initial deposits . 
 It must have taught you a lesson this time . 	John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding . 
 Thank you , you helped me a lot . 	Good morning.My name's Pat Green . 
 Thank you . 	Peter , which club do you want to join ? 
 We can do it tomorrow ; just call me . 	What can I do ? 
 It'll take us all some time to get used to the change . 	Hi ! My name is Mike . 
 No , he left nothing . 	What do you think about the equipment in our company ? 
 Sure , but you must have access to the Internet . 	There ’ s a letter here for you . 
 That sounds like fun ! 	good morning . I understand that you ’ Ve got a problem with your washing machine . I ’ m from the repair company . 
 If you can ’ t afford $ 1050 , then we have no deal . 	So you're going picnicking ? 
 Because orange is much more to my taste . 	Did you get your bus pass ? 
 It could be that , or maybe you are eating too many sweets . In any case , I ’ ll administer an anesthetic and you won ’ t feel a thing ! 	Hi , Alex . How are you doing ? 
 Yes , that's right . Having an enjoyable time together is the goal . 	So click here , then up to the top . 
 One moment and I'll check . 	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? 
 Thank you . 	How many ports do we call at on our passage ? 
 Oh ! That sounds great ! How about six o'clock ? 	Hello , is that Susan who applied for an accountant in our company through the phone ? 
 How depressed ! 	Am I ever hungry ? When will supper be ready ? 
 Yes , absolutely true . 	Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ? 
 Sometimes , but these days I'm often too busy . 	Okay , can I ask you something direct ? 
 All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir . 	Excuse me ? Can you do me a favor , please ? 
 I called in sick . 	Did you order the cake ? 
 I will bring them to your room tomorrow afternoon . 	Did you enjoy the movie ? 
 Okay , see you tomorrow ! 	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! 
 We'll meet again in a few days . 	this is the route I thought we could take on our hike on Saturday afternoon . 
 That's a good idea . All right , I ’ ll withdraw and get down to it if you don't mind . 	Would you like a smoking or non-smoking room ? 
 Numerous . It's time that everybody is particular about personality.Find one and change yours . 	Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you . 
 It doesn't matter . 	Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again . 
 They're of good cotton and the color never fades . 	I need to find a new furniture set for my living room . 
 It doesn't matter . 	Do you have any other questions ? 
 If sounds so tempting . Why not go applying for a loan from the bank ? They charge very low interest , so you can choose whether to pay up the balance in 10 or 20 years . 	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
 Oh , you men ! You are all the same . 	Where is Pamela ? 
 Mr . Ted , I have to apologize for that and I assure you it won't happy again . 	Thanks for the loan . 
 I should have known ... 	Do you have shoes here ? 
 Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse . 	Can I draw my tax back here ? 
 Thanks . It's been a pleasure working with you . 	Mom , are those tattoos on your brows ? 
 Working hard and being frugal are both virtues . I strive to practise these two virtues in my life . 	I got a promotion . Lunch is on me . 
 Good idea ! 	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ? 
 Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way . 	Let's go in . 
 I'll go by myself then . 	Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . 
 Thank you . 	Mr . Dick . Does the recommendation of the university play an important role ? 
 You ’ re welcome . I enjoyed helping you . 	How do I set up an email account ? 
 Yes , I'll give you some pills . Take one a time and three times a day , and come back in three days . If you don't feel ... 	How's your father been ? 
 I think the file is too big . You'll need to expand your memory . First , close down all the files you have open , and then ... 	Jim , how was your weekend ? 
 Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award ! 	What do you do in your spare time ? 
 Dude , don ’ t equivocate . A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing . You slept through class , didn ’ t you ? 	Ahem ... uh , sir , I beg your pardon ... Uh , mister , are you waiting to buy a ticket for the movie ? 
 OK , I'll meet you there . 	Then I'll have to borrow it . 
 OK . I will send a maid to your room right now . 	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ? 
 Thanks . 	Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ? 
 You will not mess up your job benefits by taking work . You can always come back and notify EDD that you are once again in need of assistance . 	Susan is going to get a divorce . 
 I think it leaves at two-thirty . 	We need to figure out how much money we are spending and what we are spending it on ? 
 Yes , let's go . 	Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli ? 
 Don't worry . Everything will go well . I promise ! 	You must like negotiating a lot . People are saying , you are a super negotiator . 
 I need size 41 . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Sure . Now you are talking . 	Good morning ! May I help you ? 
 Goodbye . 	What would be the earliest that I could actually move into my new house ? 
 Do you think that's the only way out ? You know we usually do the labeling , as we are responsible for the brand labels of our products . 	Hello ? 
 I'm going to mow the lawn . 	What would you like to eat ? 
 First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible . 	How do you shoot pool ? 
 All right , I'll have it registered , then . 	Would you like something to eat ? 
 Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go 	What do we need to get from the supermarket ? 
 I understand that , but you'd feel better if you took a break , even for just a short while . 	Hello , Mr . Kramer . Could you spare a minute ? 
 I will call the owners right now . They will be happy to hear the good news . 	The tranquility of the night , the chirping of some insects , everything is so natural ! 
 OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . 	What kind of music do you like ? 
 OK . I will pay it by my bank card . 	This is the house I want to rent . 
 Have a glass of wine , Mr . Wu ? And let me introduce you to some of my guests . 	What date would you like to depart , sir ? 
 Yeah . I need to . 	Would you like some cookies ? I just made them . 
 Your room number is 505 . This is your key . The bellboy will help you with the baggage . 	If only our company prescribe flex time . 
 Of course you are . I wouldn't ask you otherwise . 	What seems to be the problem ? 
 Of course . 	Hello , madam , I am sorry for keeping you waiting so long . Now please follow me and I will show you your table . 
 It ’ s almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild . 	I've been working hard for a whole year . I really need a break . 
 I just told you , Debbie . I tried to call you twenty times ! 	Be careful . The floor is wet . 
 The problem is that many poor people might suffer . 	So what do you think of my new dress ? 
 Terrific ! B . A . , again and again-B . A . 	Where can I buy textbooks ? 
 I ’ m afraid he won ’ t make old bones . 	Excuse me , Miss . I feel like vomiting . Can I bother you for some ice water , please ? 
 Ok . I ’ ll let you know when I ’ Ve sorted out my clothes . 	Excuse me . 
 See you ! 	Hello , Mr . Black , I'm calling to say goodbye . 
 You are unfair to her . She is a very nice girl . 	Cindy , can you show me how to call Connecticut ? 
 I only paid two dollars for mine . 	Do you have any experience working with a computer ? 
 We still prefer French dressing . 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Me , too . I'm sure she'll do better in the next tournament . 	Emily , are you getting rushed by a sorority ? 
 Really ? 	Have you seen Bill recently ? 
 You're right . He sure is . 	I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ’ s something wrong with the fax machine . 
 Oh , I see . Thank you very much . 	Hi , Bob , everything okay ? 
 Thanks . You have a good one , too . 	Here , Let me get the door for you . 
 That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time ! 	Where do you live now ? 
 My pleasure . ( It was my pleasure . ) 	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps . 
 Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base ! 	Do you mind if I sit here ? 
 Yes , it ’ s exciting . This month we are doing crossword puzzles . 	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing . 
 Well , take care of yourself . 	What do you need ? 
 I have had an incredible boss , who was my direct supervisor during the last year of my coop work experience . A-bout two months after I began working for her , she really let me spread my wings . She encouraged me to work independently , because she said she had come to trust my judgment and commitment . So I was able to move forward on projects without having to check in with her every day . Of course , I made certain that she knew what I had accomplished on a daily and weekly basis because I gave her summary reports , although she didn't specifically ask me to . Without her support and encouragement , I don't think I would have felt confident enough to have written up a proposal suggesting that the department change a process that had been in place for a long time . But she was open to suggestions , so long as employees could back them up with research and facts . When I submitted my suggestion , she reviewed it and told me where she thought it needed more work . She then took my revised proposal to her boss . He was a more conservative type , but she lobbied him to try It for several weeks . He did , and it was so successful that it was instituted as a permanent change . I've also worked for some very difficult bosses in summer and part-time jobs . And while I'd certainly prefer to work for one like I've just described , I'm the kind of person who can get along with just about anyone . 	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ? 
 Thanks . 	I'm afraid of the darkness . 
 That's very kind of you . Thanks a lot . 	Have you been having any problems lately ? 
 I will explain it again ; especially for those of you who arrived late . 	We'd like to invite you over for dinner this Friday evening . Can you come ? 
 Be careful of yourself . 	Won't you have some of this ? 
 Thank you . I won ’ t let this promotion change me . 	Mr . Brown , I'd like to talk with you about something that is getting to be a problem . I'd like , if possible , to see it settled at this meeting . 
 Don't get smart with me . Here , do it again , but do it right this time . 	Hello . My name is John Sandals , and I've got a reservation . 
 It's just around the corner 	Do I have to talk to the interviewer or just leave my application ? 
 You're welcome . Bye . 	You are in love with Mary , right ? 
 No ! I am on my way to the reserve room . Thanks again ! 	Do you think people still have faith in the government ? 
 No , that thought doesn't cross my mind . 	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday . 
 They look delicious . I think she'll be pleased . 	Man , I ’ m freaking out ! You gotta help me ! 
 Sure . I will try my best to slow down . 	If we employ you , what starting salary would you expect ? 
 Right.Could you fill out this form please ? 	Your garden is looking very beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful . 
 Thank you . 	I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it ? 
 OK , I get it ! ! Thank you for your very thorough analysis ! 	Excuse me , is this personnel division ? 
 I am so sorry to hear that . Maybe you should go to the information counter over there . They can give you some advice . 	So , what do you think ? How do you like New York ? 
 No , you don ’ t have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically . 	Hello miss . Can I see your ticket number ? 
 What are you talking about , we tried everything ! 	Well , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of the mode of payment . 
 Not at all . 	I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again . 
 Just so so.There are no exciting things for me . 	let's go out for a walk . 
 Of course . 	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer . 
 It's called love is blind , I think . 	Good evening , Yanking Restaurant . 
 Goodbye . 	How does the political system work in your country ? 
 My pleasure , I hope your visit to Beijing is very enjoyable ! 	So , how are you feeling today ? 
 That's so true . When you have a taste for success , you can't let dishonest people like your manager get in the way . 	So John , have you ever been to China before ? 
 OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night . 	Hi , I was wondering if I could get my test results from the other day . 
 The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm . 	Would you mind telling me your grades in high school ? 
 Bye . 	You don ’ t look like enjoying this workout . 
 Sure , no problem . As I said , cartons are good enough for goods like this . You don't have to worry about it . 	What about a medication to help me with my problem ? 
 Not in a million years ! 	I'm going to see the doctor this weekend . 
 Thanks a lot , Eve . Goodbye . 	Have you had a chance to look over the contract ? 
 Let me buy you lunch today to pay you back . 	I don't know whether or not to believe him . 
 Thank you so much . 	What's this then ? 
 Let ’ s do it ! 	Some people are always closing their handsets , so it's difficult to inform them . 
 I greatly appreciate your help . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 Ho , no ! 	Hi , is this the Bread and Cheese Deli ? 
 I divided students into groups and asked them to generate their own ideas actively . It can help develop the problem-solving ability of the students . 	Hello , room service . Can I help you ? 
 Let's go ask about it . 	I want to give our kitchen the works . 
 Can you repeat all that ? I think I'd better write it down . 	Hi , I Want a room , please . 
 We'll be making the decision by the end of this week and we'll contact you as soon as possible . 	Good morning , Paul ! 
 So do I . 	I think if I ’ m going to find a job , I ’ ll look over the job board . 
 In particular , I'm interested in marketing in the domestic field . 	When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out . 
 A copy or the original ? I guess you need the original , right ? OK , I'll return shortly . 	Steven , what's the expense of moving house ? 
 OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand . 	Did you watch TV last night , Rose ? 
 Wow ! That sounds like pure luxury . 	What's combined transportation ? 
 sure , let ’ s just be friends . 	I'm really curious . What is it like doing housework all day for a living ? 
 All right . Why don ’ t you have a seat ? What ’ s the problem ? 	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments . 
 I bought it when I was on vacation in Nepal . 	Have you ever thought about your ideal home ? 
 Sounds not bad ! Better performance isn ’ t just about doing a lot more . It is about focusing on the right things to do . 	Thank god you showed up when you did ! He ’ s insane ! Do you think we should call the police ? 
 That'll be twelve pounds . 	Good evening , madam . May I help you ? 
 Now we get along very well . It makes me feel that I'm someone special . 	Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . 
 Dark blue . 	Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 
 Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose . 	Excuse me , miss.Should I check in here for taking MS121 to Florence ? 
 Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain . 	Andrew's Hair Salon , this is Andrew . 
 I will . Good luck with your volunteering . 	The last thing to be ignored at a Chinese dinner table is to keep modest . 
 Great , that ’ s why I ’ m here . 	I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle . 
 Well , we apply tape and plaster to from a solid enclosure to protect the bones from moving . In this way they will heal properly . Take it easy . It won't hurt you . Let me see . The X-ray picture indicates that your humerus is broken in two places . And you'll have to wear the cast for three weeks . You'll need to come back in two weeks , so I can have another look . 	Doctor , here's my report for my IVP examination . 
 Yes , we do , Madam . Thank you , madam . Here ’ s our welcome brochure with all of information of our facilities . My name is John . If you need any help do let me know . I ’ m at your service . 	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ? 
 Don ’ t be so sure . We may not go anywhere . My wife always worries too much . Who ’ s going to look after the dog ? Who ’ s going to look after the house ? Who ’ s going to look after the garden ? We have t 	What's the admission charge ? 
 Thank you . I ’ ll put the call through for you . Hold on the line , please . 	What kind of note are you taking there . That looks like doodle to me . 
 Ok , thanks doctor . 	I just had a terrible week . 
 It's no use complaining.If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it ! 	What did you do at the office today ? 
 Yeah , that is the holiday is hot , isn't it ? 	Have you been taken care of ? 
 You see , we still have hurdle . 	Jim , could you do me a favor ? 
 That's great . Let's go skating together tomorrow . 	I think that you look very cute today . 
 She wears her heart on her sleeve . 	After probation , you'll find that our silk products feels more comfortable than others . 
 No , thank you ! I want an apartment , not a prison . 	Hello , back already ? That was quick ! 
 Thank you . 	I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat . 
 OK , I'll be waiting . 	What are you working on ? 
 All right , see you . 	Do you have a copy of today ’ s newspaper ? I want to check the results from the world athletics championship . 
 Please wrap it . 	We're lucky today . 
 I'll finish soon . 	Hello , Elitherbeth How are you ? 
 Why not now ? I'm hungry . 	Uncle , have a heart , please lend your new car to me . Only once . 
 Sure . Here you are . 	Are you looking for shoes ? 
 Oh , I see . Thank you anyway . 	I think he won't remember White Day . 
 I can't believe this for it's been 20 years since we got married . 	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! 
 For two days . 	There is something wrong with my girlfriend . 
 That's better . 	I want to check out today . My plane leaves at 3 p . m . 
 That's why I promised that invoking would be up and running by the end of next week . 	Excuse me . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy . There are some figures I want to check . 
 By now , the owners probably have a pretty good idea of what they will accept . It will go quickly . 	Excuse me , could you spare me a few minutes ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll look out for it . Sorry , I can ’ t talk now . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I ’ Ve already paved the way . You just have to give a presentation on what our products are . I will do the follow-up and close the sale . 	Very good . Now , I have a couple of final questions . 
 I don't care . 	How do you do ? I ’ m Parker . 
 No , I was born in Gaoxiong , I only moved to Taipei after I graduated . 	How about having a cup of tea with us ? 
 Hmm , that is bad . 	I have a little trouble , and I don't know how to deal with it . 
 That's great ! Can you give me the key to the locker ? I can't wait to have a try . 	I ’ ll need to meet with you before you go on vacation , Alex . I have a few things to clear up . 
 All right , Mr . Smith . I'll be sure he gets your message . 	Where did you go yesterday ? 
 Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first . 	Excuse me . I wonder if you can help me . 
 Oh well . I'll have to live with it . What else can I do ? 	I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me how to do it ? 
 That's my wife ! 	The hotel is full tonight . we will need to find a new place to stay . 
 yes , good luck , Maria . 	Today is Saturday , isn't it ? 
 I feel the same way . 	I spend all my time looking after my baby . I'm so tired . 
 I'm sorry to hear that . 	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee . 
 That's beautiful . 	Sorry , sir . I came late because I had to send for the doctor for my grandfather . 
 Yes , I did . He only takes side with him . He seldom asks what Dick is doing . 	Hi ! What are you watching ? 
 Thanks . 	I got a raise . 
 Not at all , but we don ’ t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly ! 	I've heard you're going to America tomorrow . I want to see you off at the airport . 
 This one is the same size and color . But the design is different . 	My mom and dad insist that I be home before ten . Do you have a curfew ? 
 I'm afraid so , yes . There is always some risk on the buyer's part . 	I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ? 
 Yes , your check will be a little late in getting to you . 	I guess I'd better go now . 
 I really find Chinese dishes more to my taste . 	I'm the Mortgage Advisor at this branch . You wanted a chat about housing loans ? 
 A trip to China for summer vacation . Wow ! What a wonderful surprise ! Thank you . This is the best surprise I've ever had . 	What's our target audience for this campaign ? 
 Oh , that's quite convenient . Thank you . 	What happened to your brother ? 
 All right . I'll be back right away . 	Excuse me . Do you mind telling me the time when the recruitment will officially start ? 
 That's good . 	welcome back ! How was your vacation ? 
 Because you are my dear wife . 	Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while . 
 Great ! We will send you all the details later . Looking forward to meeting with you ! 	Hi , did you call for an exterminator ? 
 Thanks . See ya . 	What sports do you like to play ? 
 Well , when you tell him , be gentle . It's hard for kids to find out something like that . 	My shirt needs ironing . Could you please help me with that , Mary ? 
 Not all of it . 	Great ! I landed on Classic Movies . 
 I'm afraid all the big tables are taken . 	Do you often buy magazines ? 
 Yes . That's why I like the house . 	Sorry to bother you . But I ’ m having a small problem I thought you might be able to help me with . 
 But he is always talking big . 	When do we get off the bus ? 
 It's also convenient , but it's usually crowded . 	Can I help you ? 
 You're welcome . 	Hi , did you call for an exterminator ? 
 Take it easy , all sufferings have their reward . 	I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise . 
 thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then ! 	Bob returned from Japan last week . You know that ? 
 Thanks . 	I've been at this for two weeks now and nothing ’ s turned up . 
 Yes , I will need it . Thanks . 	I'm really happy that you came to visit me . 
 It ’ s almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild . 	I would like to pick a time to look at houses with you . 
 If next room is still noisy , could you give me a different room , please ? 	Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please ? 
 Oh , you've already grown up , son . 	I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office . 
 I'm sure it will . 	Good evening . Where have you come from ? 
 I'm impressed . Good for you ! 	What is this big box at the front door ? 
 What are you talking about , we've tried everything ! 	All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ? 
 Oh , no problem . Here's the lid that comes with the pan . 	It's getting late . 
 Goodbye . 	Here is an invitation for you . 
 OK , then 50 Yuan for dessert . 500 Yuan all together . 	How long do we stop over here ? 
 It's summer in Sydney so you have to bring your summer wear . 	I am sorry to hear that you are not feeling well . How are you ? 
 Sure sounds good to me . 	Did you already take the history exam ? 
 You're welcome . 	What's the quickest way to get there ? 
 Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ? 	Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything like that ? 
 But that doesn't stop me from drinking . Ahahah . 	Are your ready to go to the supermarket ? 
 Yes , it ’ s a really nice neighborhood . 	Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure ? 
 I'm glad that some of you get it , but let's go over it once more . 	Hello ? Is that Mark ? 
 I won ’ t spoil your enjoyment by telling you who won . There were a few surprises . 	Can you speak English ? 
 I need it . Thank you . 	This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price . 
 I don't see much difference , anyway . 	I made an appointment for a perm at 3 o'clock . 
 Home run by Okapi ! That puts this team ahead by two as we are at the bottom of the fifth inning here at Richie Stadium ! 	I told you that she is no fool . 
 Hopefully ! 	Can you loan me fifty dollars until pay day ? 
 That's exactly the way I feel . 	Do you know that Jack got divorced last month . 
 Dan , don't worry . I will tell her everything as soon as she comes back . 	Hello , there . How can I help ? 
 Yes . Thanks . 	Watch out , Patrick ! 
 Really ? I ’ m surprised . 	I'd like to order a restock on my minibar . 
 I will . 	I am calling to tell you that you are hired by our company . 
 Sorry . We mustn't stop here . 	Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ? 
 They ’ ll never take me alive ! 	I will take the coat . Do you receive checks ? 
 If you gamble all night , you ’ ll run out of money in a few days . 	What's a good place for sightseeing ? 
 It's been my pleasure to help you . 	Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . 
 How respectable ! 	Do I need a visa ? 
 Oh , I see . Fortunately government has taken some action to prevent such things . 	Oh , Mary , come in , please . I'm so happy to see you . 
 Oh , Really ? 	Hello , Ken . 
 Yes , please . we need a record of you education and your work experiences . 	Madam , I made a close study of the draft contract yesterday evening . I think there are something needs to modify . 
 I can understand your position . We can not make any promise , but we'll try our best . 	That was a very interesting presentation , Ms . Wang . My colleagues and I are very impressed with your proposal . 
 I learned to be patient , professional and gained a ll of experience of direct sales . 	You are seemingly upset . What's behind you ? 
 Let me see ... We can see you this afternoon if you can come in at four thirty . 	Taylor , can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet ? 
 You should know about the oil crisis . 	Hi , is that Jason ? 
 Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it . 	Your father looks much younger in the picture . 
 No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is . 	Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there ! 
 Clean up the mess first , then fit a new seal and check the valve . 	What ’ s on TV tonight ? 
 It's really nice of you . Thanks ! 	I think you know already that I want to discuss the represent - ton for your alarm clocks . 
 A blood test and during test . You can come back next week , say 4 pm to see the results . 	Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ? 
 Yes , there are approximately three hundred people . 	To get around your difficulty , Mr . Brown , I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an Addi trional order later . 
 Affirmative action has given us management quotas and bans sexual discrimination , but it's still a man's world . 	Hey , John . Nice car . 
 Fantastic ! I can ’ t believe it ! That ’ s the biggest account we ’ Ve gotten so far ! 	It's all over . I'm bankrupt . 
 Thank you . 	What stresses you out the most ? 
 That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play . 	what do we need to get from the supermarket ? 
 It's 687 3452 . 	Hi Bob , I won't be in work tomorrow . 
 It's already credited to your account . 	I ’ m sure it will be wet when we arrive . 
 That's the beauty of these machines , you can do almost anything . And unlike a person , they don't usually take breaks or go off sick ! 	Hello , Mr . Hao . I am calling to tell you that you are not selected as our employee . Sorry . 
 OK . We can meet halfway again . 	Would you like some more coffee ? 
 Yes , I do . On a scale of one to 10 , what would you say morale was in this company ? 	Mm ... How do I get this ticket machine to work ? 
 I feel they're dirty . 	I ’ m glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope to conclude some substantial business with you . 
 then , you're probably addicted . 	Any phone calls for me while I was out ? 
 See , now something good has happened to you on a bus trip ! 	What kind of strong suit do you get ? 
 Of course . You have to fill out the form first . 	Hello , Bill ! How are things going ? 
 Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control ! 	Gosh ! The water faucet is dripping badly again . 
 I apologize for forgetting myself , but I do need some time off . 	Going to the cafeteria ? 
 It's this cold weather we're having . 	It's my first time to come to Bangkok . Could you recommend some places for me ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	Is there a city where it's always warm ? 
 Thanks , Mary . You ’ re a real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview . 	I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . 
 By doing whatever is necessary . 	How much for these autographed Elvis records ? 
 You are right . Let's buy the cheaper one . 	He was hauled up last week for the second time . 
 Well , I ’ d like to , but I ’ m going to have to look at my schedule . 	There are so many Chinese people in Vancouver . 
 Oh , I've no interest in such films . 	Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ? 
 That ’ s right , or I ’ m going to spend a lot of time walking . 	Are you free tonight ? 
 Yes , please . 	Good evening . This is Peter in Room 310 . 
 Yes . Such people don ’ t appear to be acting in accordance with their religious beliefs . 	There is a wonderful opera today . I'd like to see it . 
 Thanks for reminding me . I had forgotten to get mine . 	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ? 
 OK . I can make a special offer for you . This price is based on careful calculations . And it is the lowest price we can offer to you . 	Good morning , Sir . 
 Yeah , maybe you are right ! 	I don't have my homework today . 
 Yes , they should be put in the most attractive place , and this can appeal to passers-by's attention . 	What can I get for you today , sir ? 
 It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed . 	I don't think the teacher had a right to say that.The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class . 
 Core courses are ones that you must take . Elective courses are ones that you get to choose for yourself . 	What do you do when you are angry ? 
 Don ’ t make a mountain out of molehill . I am sure he will do that on his payday . 	Hi , do you know what ’ s for dinner ? I ’ m starving . 
 No . Let's go over to the check-out stand . 	We are through . 
 Well , I ... anyways , I was just thinking of the red envelopes . I wanna make a list of all the things I ’ m gonna buy with my red envelope money ! I can ’ t wait ! I ’ m gonna have so much money ! Mom , can I get a pen and a piece of paper ? I want a new transformer , no , two transformers ... the Optimums Prime , and ... maybe the wheeljack ? I ’ ll get a PSP game , ahahah , and I ’ ll buy the entire class lunch at MacDonald ’ s ... 	I'm looking for some blush . Do you still have some in peach rose ? 
 I like spring . The days are long and the nights are short . The flowers in blew . We go on picnics 	Which bus should I take from PHS to Sons ? 
 Enjoy your drink , sir . 	What are the pop groups that you like ? 
 I know what you are talking about . The performance evaluation process starts from the day we're hired . There is no surprise during the actual review . 	Jane , the meeting is scheduled from 1:00 this afternoon . Have you made the necessary arrangements ? 
 That's all right . 	Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ? 
 Mmm , I don ’ t think the charges are right , can you explain them please ? 	Hey , daughter , let me ask you something . 
 Absolutely . Now I understand why he responded that way . 	That's great ! We made 20 minutes earlier . 
 Oh , it's hard to narrow it down to just one . I mean , I like all kinds of sports , basketball , swimming , bike riding and so on . Maybe it is just the reason why I am so energetic and vigorous . 	Shakespeare was born in 1867 . 
 Yes , I can give you a reservation on that . 	Daddy , what's next ? What else do we do now ? 
 Wonderful , I will give you a chance of interview . 	That's two for me and one for you . 
 Because it's supposed to be good for you . 	While you are thinking about what you might like to order for dinner , would you like to order your drinks ? 
 Hey ! We're paying for his ticket ! 	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ? 
 Good point . This is Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington D . C . , back to you , Tom . 	Hello . Manchester 6739792 . 
 That's an excellent idea . 	I want to say goodbye to everyone . 
 Thank you very much . 	Hi , Francis . 
 Let's go sit in the back . All the cool kids do . 	Hello . May I help you ? 
 Good-bye . 	I hate computer games . 
 That is cheating and , if you get caught , you will be fined and disqualified from collecting unemployment . 	Hello . Are you here to withdraw some money from your account at the Securities Company ? I'll need to see your Passbook for that account . 
 Well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know . 	Good afternoon , passport and arrival card please . 
 that ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot . 	Which season do you like best ? 
 Oh wow ! Thanks a million , Angie ! 	Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 
 OK , I'll be with you in a moment . 	I think your presentation impressed the client , Daniel . You did a good job . 
 Here is your receipt.Thank you . 	Would you like me to type it for you ? 
 Yes , it is , but not as hot as in Beijing . 	She is , like , mega-intense , isn't she ? 
 I don't know . My wife used to speak French . I must tell her to brush it up . 	Okay Rebecca , well I think you ’ Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ’ s talk a little bit about your weaknesses . 
 Everything was okay when it started , but the music made me drowsy . So I think I may have dozed off for a minute over there . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for the Alands Morrissette album Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie . 
 When can I wear perfume ? 	Look , Jim . That man just fell down over there . 
 Thank you . 	how was your education going on in Australia ? 
 No , why should I ? I don ’ t feel like it . Besides , I ’ m in such a bad mood . 	The channel boats are quite fast , aren't they ? 
 I want to fetch them in 3 days . 	Did you get a chance to speak with the sellers about my counter-offer ? 
 I'm always feeling hungry . 	There ’ re traffic jams everywhere . 
 Maybe we can enjoy the TV play together . It's interesting . 	Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ? 
 Whatever brought us together , I'm happy . 	O . K . So , where do you think we can save more money ? 
 That's a black fraternity , right ? So we should see some dancing ! 	Will you go with us this Sunday ? 
 Yeah , maybe . Alright . Give me an application form . 	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for . 
 Let me go do that . 	How can I help you ? 
 Ho , no ! 	How do you celebrate national day in your country ? 
 That's all right . 	Listen to this . Mary got married . 
 Uh huh , that's for sure . You might find that your only career choice is teaching other graduate students . 	Boy , come here ! 
 You are welcome . 	How do you decide what grade we get ? 
 The ending is a bit weak . It's so abrupt , like those of most other detective stories . 	I'd like to cancel my reservation on flight MS701 to Warsaw on the 23rd.My name is Michael . 
 Well , take care of yourself , and don't say I didn't warn you . 	What's wrong , Bob ? 
 You should've called in sick ! Next time , have either of your parents call the school office . 	Here is my ticket and seat assignment . 
 All right . Thanks . 	Will you be voting ? 
 Not at all . 	Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought . 
 Have a nice holiday ! 	Excuse me , can I have your passport , your immigration form and your Customs Declaration Form , please ? 
 Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it . 	Wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous . 
 Thanks . 	Don't open any of my forwards ! I got a virus ! 
 Don ’ t count on it . 	I'd like to have this cashed , please . 
 I can't understand him anyway . 	Do you think I should ask Bob to help ? Will he come ? 
 I see . I have run as fast as I can . 	Wait a moment , I would like to take some snapshots here . 
 You get really passionate about this , don't you ? Alright . I'll watch it with you . 	What do you need ? 
 Thanks . I appreciate that . 	Would you mind answering a few personal questions ? 
 Let me see . It's a one day tour . 	I've found a nice place in this district.Three bedrooms , a large kitchen . 
 I am ready I am going to get , let's start ! 	Let's see now . Cut the potatoes into small cubes . 
 I'd like to come back next weekend . 	What's up ? 
 They will tell you the aid is impossible . 	Caroline Menzies speaking . 
 Sounds not good . I won't take it . 	Hello . Are you a friend of Helen's ? 
 Why not ? 	I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain . 
 That is good to know . Just think ! We've been worrying about this for weeks and just a short visit here and my mind is at ease . Thank you . 	Let me get last week's notes . 
 If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition . 	Is this watch yours ? 
 I am a journalist . I write for China Daily . 	Are you a smoker ? 
 Thank you . 	Merry Christmas , Bill . 
 We'd better leave him alone . 	What do you do now ? 
 Yes , there is . Those organizations exist . You always can call a lawyer if you need legal help . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 Did I mention she's good at cutting hair too ? 	Do I need a visa ? 
 I think that I have . 	Our national economy is increasing hand over fist . 
 That ’ s a good idea . 	Isabelle , you know I'm not interested in fame . 
 I think Mary must be sad , because she loves her husband very much . 	It seems a glorious day today . 
 Here.Near this school . 	I feel terribly bored . I'm going to take a job . 
 Not at all . 	There is something wrong with my credit card . 
 You're welcome , and I apologize for the inconvenience . 	The bridegroom looks a bit nervous . 
 The pink one is 30 yuan , and the purple one is 35 yuan . 	Your total comes to $ 36.78 . 
 Thank you . 	Wake up , Erik , time to rise and shine . 
 I think that that would work out quite well as an ending for your resume . 	Excuse me . Do you speak English ? 
 That ’ s a lovely hat . 	I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale . 
 Two blocks down the street . 	Give me a book please , Jane . 
 Mm . I've seen him a couple of times , I think . 	Could you arrange me to see Doctor John tomorrow morning ? 
 It was . Let's stick with the regular choices today , though . 	Would you mind helping us take a picture ? 
 I see . Thank you . 	Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your new neighbor . My name is Andy . 
 There we go . Thanks very much . 	I ’ m from Channel 5 News . 
 You can ask me any question at any time . 	Good afternoon . Lotus Catering Company . Lilian speaking . May I help you ? 
 Better late than never . 	Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning . 
 Click on whichever option you want , and you ’ re done . 	How long is the warranty ? 
 OK , I will take the tour . 	You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager ? 
 Thanks . 	Do you know the restrictions about the carry-on items for exiting ? 
 It ’ s hard to say.Just so-so . 	What is your long-term goal in this career ? 
 Thank you for your advice . I'll have a try . 	Good morning , Madam . Can I help you ? 
 I didn ’ t say that either . I was hoping we could discuss the matter together . I want your advice but I don ’ t want you to tell me what to do . I ’ Ve got to make decisions for myself , dad . 	I wonder if you could help me find something for my daughter . 
 Better luck this time . 	Where's your better half ? 
 Typical you , always wanting to keep the best things for yourself . The more I appreciate the gift now . 	I firmly believe that if we invested in funds we could earn a lot of money . 
 Well , I know a little Italian . 	I really need a new pair of trousers . 
 The line is through now , please go ahead . 	I've got some great news for you ! 
 OK , I will wrap them for you . 	Mmmm ... This apartment seems a little expensive . Do you have any cheap studios ? 
 You are welcome . 	May I see you around 10 o'clock tomorrow morning , please ? 
 I'd much rather buy expensive but good quality clothing , because it is not only nice but lasts a long time . 	I just saw Something About Mary last night . It was hilarious . 
 Good-bye . 	I think Andy's party will be fun . 
 You have to type all day . 	When you are in a restaurant you want the waiter to bring the bill , what do you do to attract his attention ? 
 Thanks , that's would be lovely . You'r right , he is kind and nice looking . 	can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time . 
 Good luck on your first election . 	Mr Brown ! How nice to see you , can I help ? 
 I like the cool smell , too . 	Linda , have you prepared fully for tomorrow's meeting ? 
 You're welcome ! 	What's the weather today ? 
 No , they live alone . 	Will you be voting ? 
 I'm fine for now , thanks . 	How do you want to advertise the opening ? 
 Maybe . 	I have lots of friends . 
 Good , I ' Ve get a two-pin plug . 	Operator . May I help you ? 
 That's very nice of you . 	Wow , the ferris wheel over there is so big . I'd like to take a ride on it . 
 I think you lack in the power of decision . Once you make your decision , don't be overtaken by misgivings and fear . Just go full steam ahead ! 	Why didn ’ t you call me last night ? 
 let's go shopping . You can't depend on public phones in this day and age ! 	Peter , it's time to get up . 
 I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute . 	Hi , how are you doing ? 
 Sure . Why don ’ t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ’ t taken a rest all morning . 	morning , Mary ? It ’ s John Kramer calling . You remember you handled my tax forms for me ? 
 We intend to establish business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit . 	What ? You golden watch is lost ? 
 Thank you very much . Mr . Roberts . 	What do you do for a living ? 
 Ok , six thirty AM . We will call you exactly on that time . 	The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot . 
 I work in a cubicle too , but I I don ’ t mind it . 	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? 
 Yeah , I crave my own space . I just get so tiredhaving people around me all the time . We all need our private space . But I also think interpersonal skills very important . Living in a dorm means you have to learn to be considerate of others , otherwise nobody is going to have a good time . 	Excuse me . Could you tell me if the bus goes the national history museum ? 
 All right . 	Do you have anything to declare ? 
 I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out . 	I like double-breasted garment with no belt.Could you show me some ? 
 Thank you . I think I will go there . 	How are you going all these days ? 
 I think that a tip of $ 3.60 will be the right amount to leave . 	Hello ? Hello ? 
 Well . First , make meaning clear by using concise forma language . Second , describe accurately the exact requirement . Finally , state clearly the permissible variation in quantity . 	Hey , Jenny . Would you like to go to dinner with me ? 
 I'll give you a series of specific skin tests . Then we'll know exactly what substances you're allergic to . Then I'll give you some causes of desensitization therapy . 	Wow ! It's hot today ! Do you want to get an ice cream cone ? 
 It ’ s my pleasure . 	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless ! 
 What a pity . 	This computer isn't working properly . 
 Have a good day . Bye-Bye ! 	May I help you ? 
 I would like to have the coffee rum pies . 	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ? 
 Good ! Julie , if you could pass this plate down to Joe , I think we are all set . 	Yes , sir ? 
 Thanks . 	Did you hear that they are going to start an exercise class after work ? 
 Levis . It's the latest fashion . 	Peter , how often do you exercise ? 
 Head straight up the street about two blocks then turn right . 	My name ’ s Terry Graham . You ’ re new around here , huh ? 
 Frightened ? You must be joking . 	How can I be sure your products are of superior quality , as you promised ? 
 It's $ 9.95 . Do you want me to put it in a box ? 	What's that ? 
 It's Friday . 	What shall we do tonight ? 
 I am writing you down for that time . We look forward to seeing you . 	What is the proper way to handle a napkin at dinner ? 
 Yes . I have . I liked it very much . Like you , I was very impressed with Rachel ’ s performance in the movie . She ’ s going to be a star . 	Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! 
 You should try it . You won't be disappointed . 	Sorry to interrupt . Can I have a word with you ? 
 We will check our records and I'll have the nurse administer and the booster as well . Now , please hold Ricky's arm tight , this may sting a little . 	Graham , why are you always on the phone with Jane ? 
 OK . That's what I can do . 	How can I get to Lakeside Park ? 
 That ’ s your opinion not mine . 	There's just one catch . Zina asked me to let you know . 
 Thanks , John . 	You like movies ? 
 Thank you very much . I will let you know as soon as possible . 	Could you tell me the origin of the Dragon-Boat Festival ? 
 No . I can text the address to you if you are not clear about it 	Good morning . How can I help you ? 
 Yes . Such people don ’ t appear to be acting in accordance with their religious beliefs . 	I am going to give you an end-of-the-unit test this Friday . Please be prepared for it . 
 If the weather stays nice perhaps we can go to the beach this weekend.It ' s been a while since I've not really gotten some sun . 	Hi , how are you doing ? 
 I promise you'll have it tomorrow . 	Merry Christmas , Lily . 
 Yes . I suppose it's best to stop . 	Oh , my god ! 
 that ’ s not a problem . It ’ s unnecessary for this position . 	What ’ s wrong with you , Mr . Polly ? 
 I really appreciate your kind words . 	Are you new to this school ? 
 Well , I open the windows and ... and I ’ Ve got an electric fan ere . It helps a little . 	Beautiful day , isn't it ? 
 Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ? 	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Welcome to the National Post . How may I help you ? 
 Neither do I . Let's stay in a cabin.It ' ll be much nicer right beside the ocean . 	Those guys thought they would never lose . But we finally beat them . And look at them crying now . 
 I have been working hard to stay healthy . I hope the tests turn out well . 	Good afternoon . What service do you require ? 
 Here is the fare and keep the change please . 	Tom , did you see the film last night ? 
 That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead ! 	Why don't we get you some shirts ? 
 That's right . OK , let's move on . 	Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale . 
 That sounds good to me . I'll have the same . 	Mr . Martin ? I need to talk to you for a minute . 
 Cheers . 	Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ? 
 Cheers . 	What a beautiful day ! 
 Twenty minutes exactly . 	I want to buy some running shoes . Maybe New Balance . 
 We like a larger wardrobe . 	How did you do in the last quiz ? 
 I ’ m happy that we ’ Ve come to an agreement . 	What did you say your stop was ? 
 You can say that again . 	Hi ! Susan ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages ! 
 I think you ’ re right . There needs to be an international response to this problem . 	Hello , what can I do for you ? 
 So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital . 	Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come . 
 Take care of yourself . 	So will you come to work with us ? 
 13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on . 	Sally , what do we have for dinner 
 Thanks . 	Lindsay Tipping gave me your name as a reference . We are considering hiring her as an editor for our magazine . 
 I'd appreciate that . 	My computer isn ’ t running at the same speed it used to be , it is testing my patience everyday . Can you tell me how to make it run faster ? 
 Thank you for saying that . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yeah , I got home around two . 	Hi , my name is Ted , what's yours ? 
 Yes , we've got all the necessary equipment . We can give the engines a major overhaul . If there's a serious problem , we strip down the engine and find the faulty component . Would you like to look around ? 	Now that you have learned Kung fu for a few months , what are your general impression of it ? 
 Not well enough , but I'm learning . 	My child is often absent-minded in class . 
 That's O . K . Maybe his wife will spill the beans ! 	I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success ? 
 Yes . I did some work on that , and I found out some really interesting things about the conductivity of liquid helium . I was sure I had a great discovery until my teacher told me the same discovery already made twenty years ago . I think the most important thing , I learnt though , was the importance of keeping good records . 	I ’ m glad you could make it . 
 Let me see.Yes . I will buy a plane for you . There is no traffic up there . 	Hello , this is Sunshine Trading Company . Can I help you ? 
 Hopeful ! Thank you . 	Old Dyson looks as if he maybe kick the bucket any day . 
 I will , thank you . 	Now tell me , what's your problem ? 
 I'm a bank manager . 	How do you like this waltz ? 
 I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting . 	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ? 
 I know . She won't change my grade . 	You've met her before , haven't you ? 
 Indeed , they are . Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company . 	Her ex-boyfriend was terrible , but this new one is even worse ! 
 That is good . He can leave you alone this time . 	I've got a telegraphic order . Will you cash it ? 
 I'm a little worried about my host family . You know , in the agreement I have to do some cooking for them . 	Does she make any sense to you ? 
 You got it . Good job . 	First of all , I would like to thank you for your kind invitation to visit your beautiful country . I hope my visit will help to promote a friendly relationship between us . 
 OK . Let's see . Give me a sheet . 	How about a movie tonight ? 
 I think I will get my food from Panda Express , too . 	I'm sorry to interrupt you . Please take care not to make a mess while you are selecting goods . If you don't want it , please replace it . 
 That's ok . Here is the address . 	I think we should home school our children when we decide to have kids . 
 I am counting on being able to get a good job . 	Don't cover up your sadness . Let it go . 
 Don't worry about it . All in all , you've done very well in school . 	Where's the nearest tailor's ? 
 Let's see ... my ID card , my passport , and my suitcase . I'm pretty sure I've got everything . 	Do you think they two will get married ? 
 Now , I've got it . Thank you . 	Good coming . room service.What can I do for you ? 
 Nice meeting you , too . 	Would you like to come out with me tonight ? 
 Yes , I did . It was one of the conditions of the insurance police . The insurance companies need to assess the risk 	Congratulations , Vivian . You won the grand prize , again . 
 Alright . University and high school seem very different to me . I suppose I just need to learn how to manage lecture classes . Then I will do better . 	Hello , Sir . What can I do for you today ? 
 Well , it ’ s nice to have a husband like you . 	I had a wonderful evening . 
 Thank you . 	Why'd you pull me over ? 
 good luck ! 	David , how is your interview ? 
 I didn ’ t say that either . I was hoping we could discuss the matter together . I want your advice but I don ’ t want you to tell me what to do . I ’ Ve got to make decisions for myself , dad . 	You seem to be upset . What ’ s eating you ? 
 That's a good idea . 	The demographic reports are in ... From the looks of it , we're going to have to re-evaluate some of the content for our promotional events in different venues . 
 To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it . 	Flight BE 407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge ? 
 We have great confidence in you . 	Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ? 
 I could have stayed in bed for another half hour . 	Boris , look at this sentence . " Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . " It's interesting , isn't it ? 
 Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see . 	Can you believe that Susan got married ? 
 Thanks for understanding . 	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city . 
 You are not funny either . I can't believe I married a woman like you . 	Hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? 
 Only 2 dollars and 25 cents . 	Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ? 
 No , ties . And there's a tie store . Let's go ! 	Where is the bus ? 
 I agree with you . 	Aren't you staying for the party ? 
 Oh , I see . Fortunately government has taken some action to prevent such things . 	I hear your sister has had an accident , is it true ? 
 Thank you , doctor . 	Excuse me , Miss . 
 I'll be at your house at about five thirty.Happy birthday . 	I fired Mr . Li today . 
 Yes , my first marriage was a failure . 	What's the matter with you , Mary ? You look a bit pale . 
 Well , I guess no one can help me but myself . For the moment , I just need someone to talk to , so that I can relieve my stress . 	That was delicious . 
 Let me give you some brochures to look over . 	Do you know how the national flag of Canada looks like ? 
 to be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	Jenny , don't you think it's really charming ? 
 Thank you , you are so thoughtful . I think I could use some beers right now . 	Good afternoon . How can I help ? 
 I see . I think I ’ d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again . 	What can I do for you ? 
 No , you can ’ t do that . There isn ’ t much water in the wagon . And we need the water for drinking . 	What are you reading about in that science magazine ? 
 Well ... that's a long story . 	What's the bonus like at your company ? 
 Wow , you're not kidding.Hold on a second.Hello , could you give us a hand , please ? 	Good afternoon . May I help you ? 
 That's great . Well , we'd better get back to our seats . It's about to start . 	Hey , look ! They ’ re playing reruns of the 1996 Olympics . 
 Bye ! 	Judy , what is everybody talking about ? 
 Thank you , but I'd rather keep this case with me . 	I want something sweet after dinner . 
 Good . 	Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ? 
 Thanks . 	Welcome to our company Mr white . My name is Yan Hua , the secretary of Mr Wang . 
 Terrific ! 	Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld ? 
 Well , give me a call if you can ’ t make it for some reason . 	Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ’ t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me ? 
 Whatever you choose , make sure they are neat and clean . 	Hello , where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ? 
 How do you want to your mustache trimmed ? 	Congratulations on your success in the competition . That is quite something . 
 I ’ m sorry , sir , we don ’ t . But we do accept all major credit cards . 	We want to order some of these products . 
 Yeah , that makes sense . 	I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job . 
 Really , life is so boring . 	The murderer was sentenced to life imprisonment . 
 To the restroom ? I have no choice . 	Good morning ! May I help you ? 
 Remember , real luck must be created ( by ) yourself , and then it cannot be given or taken away ... 	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ? 
 No problem . 	Do you think we should travel by bus or by train ? 
 No . Africans and African-Americans are different in many ways . Our food's different , too . 	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ? 
 That's all right . 	Hello . Beijing Restaurant . How can I help you ? 
 See you . 	Hello ? 
 No problem . 	I lost all my lottery winnings playing the stock market . 
 Thank you . 	Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . 
 I like spring and summer . The days are long and the nights are short . The sun rises early and sets late . I don't like autumn and winter . The days are short and the nights are long . The sun rises late 	May I ask who's the manager ? 
 Oh , I guess I really did get ripped off . 	Steve , when are you going back to America ? 
 Good idea . 	I want to have a complete relaxation this weekend . 
 Here you are . 	Hello . Is this Ann ? 
 It'll take you about 15 minutes . 	Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box . 
 I've tried it , but he would have none of it . 	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ? 
 It sure is . They also serve tea , coffee and refreshments . The Center staff members are also friendly and helpful . Everyone loves them . 	Merry Christmas , Bill ! 
 It looks good . OK . I'll take it . 	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ? 
 But it's only a film . 	I need to get to PCC , but I don't know which bus to catch . 
 I am just thinking of it . Maybe I ’ ll go . 	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ? 
 No , I don't think I have . But I would like to hear the full details , if you think it'll be beneficial to me . 	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . 
 Who knows . After all , he is handsome and rich . 	Carrie , I want to buy a pair of leather shoes to wear for the interview tomorrow . 
 It says ' No smoking here ' . 	Which services offered by your band do you use most ? 
 Have fun getting ripped off ! 	How's your time spent in the United States ? 
 I guess so . 	hi . Could you give me a hand with this report ? 
 No , the Chinese company has that all worked out . With the paperwork you receive with the shipment , you should be good to go . 	Would you like to ask any questions ? 
 Call me tomorrow , and we'll get started . 	Did you hear what happened to Mike last night ? 
 Good luck ! 	How ’ s it going ? 
 I think that that would be a really good choice ! Let's call and make a reservation . 	We're considering of ordering 200 computers , but I'm wondering about the price you'll possibly offer . 
 Have a nice day , and thank you for shopping here . 	Mommy , can I stay up until eleven o'clock ? 
 No , not really . My Current Account is for cash flow and couldn't withstand having all of that money taken from it . 	In spring , people are feeling refreshed . They take off their heavy winter clothes and walk with a straight back and light steps . They feel they are full of spirits and energy . 
 Yes . 	Hi , it is a pleasant surprise ! 
 Good idea , especially at this price . 	Hello , I want to make a reservation for a Qingdao cruise . 
 Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan . 	Hello . 
 Of course ! 	Hi , Brad . How are you today ? 
 Thank you . Have a nice day . 	I see you have bought the latest copy of beauty and fashion . Are there any interesting articles in it ? 
 That will solve it then . Let's work hard to not let it happen again . 	Hello , I need to come in and see the doctor . 
 Thank you . 	What can I do for you ? 
 All right . Goodbye . 	I want to know whether you can handle the matters of registered permanent residence . 
 I think so . 	What a terrible house ! 
 You are very lucky . 	Here , Let me get the door for you . 
 Are you serious ? That will be wonderful ! 	I'm planning on going to the market soon . 
 Yes , Amy , please have some more . 	I've found a nice place in this district.Three bedrooms , a large kitchen , high ceilings , a tile bath and a big drawing room . 
 Cheer up ! It's not the end of the world . 	Are you interested in going sightseeing , Mr . Simpson ? I think you are here not only for the negotiation but also for sightseeing . 
 We get alone very well . 	I'm sorry , sir . I'm going to have to ask you to leave . 
 I know . It ’ ll also help you make more money . 	Hey , did you hear the news ? 
 Yep . And there's real strawberry chunks in the coating . 	what shall we do after the volleyball match ? 
 I'm glad you enjoy it . 	Look ! There's even a built-in handle to carry it with . 
 Okay , sir , but remember how close it is to your checkout time . 	Hi , I'm Jake . I'm new to the choir . What's your name ? 
 so do I . 	Oh hi , Linda , this is Todd . 
 Oh , you men ! You are all the same . 	I ’ d love to have my own farm . 
 Certainly , just fill in this form , please . 	Bob refused all his classmates ' invitation . 
 I prefer spring when little by little everything becomes green and the weather is almost always nice . 	Shall we go out tonight ? 
 One moment , please , and I will connect your call . 	John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding . 
 That's okay.If it weren't for you accountants , nobody would have the money to go skiing ! 	Joan is a thorough drag ! 
 Here you go . Look in this flyer , or check with the produce person . 	I ’ m sorry , but I can ’ t find the book that you lend me . 
 I wish I were a hero . 	Let ’ s play a little game . I ’ ll describe someone and you try to guess who it is . 
 No , thanks . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Thank you very much . I am sure good rest will do indeed . I don ’ t have this too often . 	It's a lot of work running a campaign , isn't it ! 
 That's true . 	How do you do , Mr.Smith ? This is Lili . I'm calling to thank you for the wonderful dinner we had yesterday . I enjoyed it very much . 
 Now there we are in agreement ! 	I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning . 
 Fine . I'll go vacuum . Let me know if you need any other help . 	Excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? 
 that's one of the problems with having an iPod . Though an iPod might have an above average battery life , once the battery is dead , so is your iPod . 	Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ? 
 It's great ! 	Do you feel all right ? You look Pale . 
 If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you . 	Are you going home now ? 
 Yes , not only a good way to keep in shape , but a good way to relieve stress as well . While you're stressed out by your commute , I'm releasing all the stress of the day with mine . 	Do you have deviled crabs ? 
 I really appreciate your help . 	What type of movies do you like ? 
 Thank you . I appreciate the compliment . 	Good afternoon , Miss . What can I do for you ? 
 Ok , I lost 5 pounds . 	No . Just let me see a doctor . I'm worried about my arm . 
 Thank you . Oh , it tastes nice . 	Would you like to go to a concert tonight ? 
 OK.Give me his number and we'll contact him . 	Let me take care of the check today . 
 Settle down , Elvin . If you're not careful , you'll give our plan away . Zina's smart , you know . 	Do you know his sister ? 
 You're embarrassed , aren't you ? You gotta loosen up in Little Italy . The lady at the cafe will kiss you when you meet her ... 	David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ? 
 No more , thank you very much . 	I think we should accept his plan . 
 Sure . 	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset . 
 The style is all right , but I'm not sure about the color . Let me think for a while . 	Mary , there's one more thing that you must do for me before you leave . 
 Coffee will be right with you . 	When ’ re you getting married ? 
 Go down this way until you come to the drugstore . Make a left turn and it's just there . 	I am calling to thank you for giving me the interview for the Sales Manager position yesterday 
 Really ? You worked here for just half an hour . I consider the price very high . 	I am really excited ! 
 Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career . 	I was just thinking to call you , then the phone rang and it was you calling me . 
 OK . See you . 	Would you like to stretch your legs ? 
 Don ’ t get your hopes up . 	Do you have any vacancies ? 
 I also think good advertising is essential to call attention to a product and introduce our L-series products . Meanwhile , ads are also the representation of the company's image . 	Do you have any certificate that has something to do with tourism ? 
 No , thank you.Please tell him to phone me when he comes back . 	What do we need for the barbecue ? 
 It won't be but a few seconds , sir . 	And so , that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year . Thank you very much for your time . 
 Miss , I know he made this reservation for me . 	Crown Hotel . Reservation Desk . Can I help you ? 
 He quit 	Whatever we do , we should do it above board . 
 I really don't know what to buy . 	Hi ! This is John Li , is my car fixed yet ? 
 Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too . 	Is this your brother-in-law ? 
 No way . I've given you too many chances already . 	Excuse me . Do you have this in blue ? 
 yes , there are . They tell use which way to go and how far we have to walk . 	This is my admission card , and these are the books . 
 I ’ m just not looking forward to cleaning it ! 	Excuse me , where am I on this map ? 
 Then we will come here for lunch tomorrow . 	Paul failed again . 
 Surely . Let ’ s get started by drafting a new contract . 	What's your expected salary ? 
 Just did my best . 	Hi . are you new here ? 
 My condolences . 	Farmer's Pet Store . 
 We appreciate your business , Madam . 	Hi , excuse me , Sir ? I ’ m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ’ Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ’ t provide any support anymore . 
 That's it . 	Can I see your parents some time tomorrow ? 
 That shouldn ’ t be a problem . 	What do you think about violence in movies ? 
 Oh , I'll probably just stay at home . 	Could you pass me the jacket with wide lapels ? 
 Oh , no ! 	Excuse me , sir ? I ’ m afraid this is a no-smoking area . 
 I think I ’ d like to do that . I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies . 	Excuse me , Professor . I have to talk to you about why my homework didn't get done . 
 Here.Near this school . 	Did you listen to the weather forecast ? 
 I should admit that sometimes I care too much about the details . I am always in pursuit of perfection . 	Can I take a picture ? 
 you're here a bit early , so check the departure screens in the waiting area in about a half hour . Here's your boarding pass . Enjoy your flight ! 	How long will it take for our order to be delivered ? 
 So do I . This is Broadway.There are lots of theaters . This way leads to Times Square . 	Good evening , ma'am . May I help you ? 
 Of course . 	What kind of person do you think you are ? 
 I'll take it . 	Do you drink the Robust Milk every day ? 
 Would you like to go with me ? I ’ m afraid of the hospital . 	Don't you ever cheat on me . 
 It's much too hard for his age . 	Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now ! 
 May I have a look at your passport , please ? 	Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ? 
 I wish I could find one just like it . 	Excuse me . Is flight KL638 late ? 
 The Old Town , the Distillery Historic District , the Financial District and Underground City , everything is so attractive . 	Hi Kara , it's Mike here . 
 Yes , but please check in at least one hour before departure time . 	You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ? 
 But two players of the team have been booked and one is out . 	how is your house hunting going ? 
 I hope to go there someday . 	I hear that you are going to participate in the dinner party tonight.Seen from what you are dressing , you really look like a fox . 
 Don't mention it . 	Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? 
 Don't worry about it ! Making a new meal out of leftovers is almost an art ! Not only do you save money , but you also get to be creative and have something different to eat ! 	Good afternoon . 
 OK , I see . 	I can ’ t believe these skirts are so cheap . 
 Yes , it ’ s reasonably fast but it certainly isn ’ t cheap . Fares have gone up 25 present . 	Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired . 
 Your entire test history is on the site . You can compare your results from other years . 	I really want to make something for dinner . 
 I'll enjoy working with you . Have a great day ! 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 I really like it here . 	Good afternoon.madam.How can I help you ? 
 That sounds perfect and just what I'm looking for . 	Miss , where do you want to go ? 
 I always am . You just didn't notice . 	Excuse me , is this the parcel counter ? 
 I will . See you later . 	May I help you find something , or are you just looking ? 
 I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways . 	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets 
 At 8 o'clock . 	Hello , reservation desk . How can I help you ? 
 OK . Give me your address . 	Could I have some fish ? 
 Of course . In spring and autumn , we will hold some sports actives . And in movie seasons , we bulk purchase film tickets . 	What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city . 
 It serves her right ! 	hey , you look great ! how's everything ? 
 I see . 	I know you are a good dancer . What dances do you like ? 
 That's the spirit . Never give up on your dream . 	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came . 
 Well , it all depends on traffic from other arriving aircraft . 	Hi , Walter ! 
 Yes , I have . They do an excellent job . 	So it is hard to be a black student on campus ? 
 I have a meeting with my General Manager . 	Wow . She can be really nasty , can't she ? 
 No . The best thing to do is just stay home . 	What are you doing ? 
 I'm not sure whether I can pass the course or not . 	Hello , Rebecca , fancy meeting you here ! 
 Thank you very much . 	Where are you from ? 
 Oh , yes . I know where it is . 	So Jen , what did you think of William ? Did you guys have a nice time on your first date ? 
 Thanks doc , bye ! 	We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future . 
 It doesn't matter . 	You're my hero . 
 Ok , thank you . 	Joe , how are you doing ? 
 Sure it is . I really hate to get caught in a traffic jam . 	I want to buy some jewellery . 
 thank you very much . 	Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ? 
 that ’ s a great idea . I ’ ll search for some information on the internet . If it ’ s possible to do , the internet will have some information about it . 	it's getting cold . 
 alright . See you later ! 	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today . 
 Sure . I'll be back in a minute . 	So Vicky , how long have you held your present position ? 
 The teacher asked me to make a speech in English class and I wasn't prepared . He punished me by making me stand in front of the whole class . It was so embarrassing . 	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives . 
 Only then did I realize it was April Fools ' Day . 	You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? 
 That's fine . 	Aunt Shirley , I heard the Yuan Miao Festival is the name for the festival . Why did it get its name ? 
 It's just too bad . I have to leave it as it is , and thank you just the same . 	Are utilities included in the rent ? 
 Since 911 I think every airline requires that the passengers show ID to board . 	Good luck . I've got class in a few minutes . 
 Have a pleasant stay in Britain . 	Hello . 9-1- 1 . Can I help you ? 
 You are welcome . 	What a pin-up she is ! 
 OK . If you really insist , I could always use the company . 	Have you got a minute ? 
 I don't know about that . 	Thank you for your hospitality , Leon . I had a wonderful time ! 
 But he has to stick to it and to it long enough . 	Come on . All of us are waiting for you . 
 You're welcome . 	Are you okay , man ? You don ’ t look very well . 
 Why not have a visit to the zoo ? 	Mr . Wilson . I'm very glad we reached the agreement at last . Now I'd like to propose a toast to the further development of our cooperation . 
 You'll cook it of course ! 	Hi , Deny . Are still working ? 
 Well , I don't understand it very well.Will you draw me a map ? 	Yesterday I had a deal with a vice manager . He acts like the point man . 
 Thank you . 	it seems the department still has some money left in the budget . Do you have any suggestions how to use it before the budget is renewed ? 
 The pleasure is mine . It's been nice talking with you . Goodbye . 	It's so boring . 
 Yes , everything has been well designed . 	Housekeeping . May I help you ? 
 Thanks a lot . Here's ten yuan . Keep the change . 	Do you know anyone who ’ s had plastic surgery ? 
 Here's the key then . 	You talked like the Terminator for two months ? Wow , I think you liked that movie even more than I liked ' Titanic . ' Why did you like ' Terminator ' so much ? 
 You should be , because you ’ re a part of history . 	If we are to modernize our information processing , manufacturing system and management code , we need to complete our office automation . 
 Yes , thank you . 	I ’ Ve just found a mouse in the house ! 
 I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management . 	What kind of permanent would you like to have ? 
 That's OK . 	Come on , Mary . We have to do the laundry . 
 ( 5 minutes later ) OK , it's all over . Spit there and bite the cotton ball tightly in place for half an hour . 	Freeze ! 
 Right . 	Would you mail a letter for me ? My hands are full . 
 I understand your position . 	Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I'll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ’ m meeting my husband for dinner . 
 I ’ m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ’ t care what it costs ! Money is no object ! 	What's Ron Marston like , Pauline ? 
 See you ! 	I would like to open an account please . 
 Yes , the teacher says recitation is real good . 	I think I need a new notebook . 
 I agree . We will leave $ 3.60 for the tip . 	You're spending a very long time on my hair . 
 Why not ? 	I enjoy watching Channel 5.They always have films from all over the world . 
 I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days . 	Sorry sir . But you can ’ t go into the OR . 
 yes . He always get us special gift . We should repay his kindness . 	You heard who won the election , didn ’ t you ? 
 Kristy , that's wonderful ! Thanks so much for contacting me personally . 	Happy new year ! 
 Yes . Shall we take a break now ? 	Can I help you ? 
 You can refund it in 7 days and exchange it in one year . 	There are prescriptions . 
 Thank you . Maybe I will do business through internet in the future . 	Who are we going to play with today ? 
 That's a great idea . I'm going to do the same . 	Let's go now . 
 A new broom sweeps clean anyway . 	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again ! 
 Thank you . 	Can I help you ? 
 Sure . There you are . 	You look really wiped out ? 
 Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ’ t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ’ s not a pretty picture ! 	What experience do you have with office machinery ? 
 Sorry to hear that ! But I would definitely recommend this place ! 	Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Charles , the manager , please . 
 OK . I'll wait for you . 	Good evening , sir . Welcome to our restaurant . 
 I forgot what I put up with . In that case , I do deserve these flowers . 	Are you ready to order now , sir ? 
 Oh , no.On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall . 	Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore . 
 Yes , I will need it . Thanks . 	Could you show me where the ice cream is located ? 
 She feels you gave me the freedom to be able to assist her and she appreciates that . Come on , Let's indulge her . 	I would like to make an offer on this house , but I don ’ t know much about the process . 
 Not long . They'll be ready in a few minutes . 	OK , so this is our newest machine . It was only installed last year . 
 Oh , that's great . You're serious this time . 	I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault . 
 Thank you for saying that . 	Please show me that hat , please . 
 I am not picky on food . Just bring me the day menu . 	have you thought of moving at all Sarah ? 
 I know . Are the subway trains easy to take here ? 	What do you know about our company ? 
 A moment , please . 	Excuse me , Ms . Montgomery ? 
 Yes , too good to be true . 	I heard the film was after the novel The Godfather . 
 I think he ’ s the boy who just moved into my apartment building . 	David , have you watched the 82nd Oscar Awards Ceremony ? Avatar got the Award of Visual Effect . The movie sounds great ! 
 Yeah , yeah , whatever . 	Have you a full-day trip ? 
 Yes . This has been fun . 	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ? 
 Afternoon , please , if that's possible . 	Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright ? 
 Hope you feel better . 	Good afternoon , welcome to IBA . How can I be of service ? 
 Well , it's probably nothing serious.But I think we'd better have that shoulder X-rayed.We can't do the until the morning , though.So it'd be better if you stay in hospital for the night 	Welcome ! Welcome to Little Italy . We're the most Italian family here ! 
 Don ’ t worry . We ’ ll just get a doggie bag . 	I am kind of nervous . 
 Because everyone is trying to butter him up . 	Is there a doctor here ? 
 Excellent , come over at ten o'clock and we will start at the shopping center , the one around the corner from my house . They have just the shop we need . 	Can you make out what he's saying ? 
 No , it's too far . Let's drive . 	What's for lunch ? 
 I'll just have this all wrapped up for you . 	Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? 
 I ’ d rather you didn ’ t come immediately as I said I ’ m very busy at the moment . Come after lunch , Mark . 	Well it ’ s my first night in Beijing . What should I eat ? 
 That's great , bring me a bottle of that please . 	Good morning . I need to speak with the property manager , please . 
 Oh , yes , I do . My present job is similar in that respect , and I think I ’ m doing a good job . 	Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . 
 You'll have to try for yourself some day . 	I don't think we've met . 
 That's wonderful news ! I'm glad we decided to rethink our actions ; it's all turned out for the best this way . Thank you for helping us to fix that little problem . 	May we see the wine list please ? 
 It's M , C , capital D . 	You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? 
 You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ? 	Good morning , Linda . How have you been ? 
 Thank you . 	Good morning . What can I do for you ? 
 Thanks . 	Peter , it's time to eat breakfast . 
 Thanks . 	What time does the train for Boston leave ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ? 
 Definitely . But I think it is too fierce . 	Hey honey ! Where were you ? 
 You'd better . 	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ? 
 OK , catch you later . 	Get changed ! 
 Oh , I'm afraid all the flowers will die in the rain . 	Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now ? 
 And he may cash in on people whenever chances are provided . 	Welcome to McDonald's . Can I take your order ? 
 That would be great . 	Who did the stupid thing ? 
 You can always get rid of channels or add some later . 	And so , I just wanted to check in with you and find out where we are with this project . As you know , you ’ Ve missed a fairly significant deadline last week , and this will negativity impact the team ’ s ability to move forward with the next stages of this project . 
 Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go . 	You saved my life yesterday , Rachel . I can't believe I forgot to bring my wallet when we went to lunch with those clients . 
 Milan Style Macaroni . Don't put sugar or salt on it , please . 	You are from Japan , aren't you ? 
 Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you ? 	What a nice photo you ’ Ve taken ! 
 Well , there's no reason to apologize for such a trifle thing . 	Lily , I am terribly sorry about this . But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting . 
 Wonderful . I'd like to know why you're interested in this position at our paper . 	What do you do ? 
 I'll charge it . Here's my card . 	These two sections need to be re-written , Jerry . The last guy that did this really mixed things up . 
 You're right . I will have a talk to her about that . 	The weather has been terrible this week . 
 Thanks . 	The boat is ready to leave.Everyone come onto the ship , please . 
 She will be back soon . 	Alison , would you like to have some more ? 
 You know what ? I ’ ll just have everything dry cleaned . 	I've booked an air ticket to Venice . 
 You're welcome . 	Are you an American ? 
 Great ! 	I ’ m sure it will be wet when we arrive . 
 It ’ s up on the second floor . You have to use the stairs . The elevator isn ’ t working . 	Excuse me , could you please turn on the air-conditioner , it's so hot here . 
 It's nice of you to say so . 	Well , if you have no further questions , then we have done . 
 Yeah , you too ! 	May I help you ? 
 You can't beat that . 	Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking . 
 Oh , my god . 	Hi , what ’ re you reading ? 
 That sounds like fun . 	How many people are traveling with you today , miss ? 
 I'm not at all convinced . Tomorrow is Saturday ! 	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? 
 Thank you . Welcome to our hotel again . 	Hello , Lucy , I heard you did a good deal in interview . 
 Thanks a lot . Bye . 	Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy . 
 No extra charge at all . But your berth will be invalid . 	Hi , Steven ! What do you like to do during the weekend ? 
 Good idea , especially at this price . 	Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you ? 
 Sometimes the inner beauty is more beautiful . 	Where can I find a spare hose for the pump ? 
 No problem . 	I hate to say goodbye , but it's late . 
 Remember us for all your computer needs . 	What ’ s the difference between football and rugby ? 
 I have a test tomorrow . 	It's one of the highlights of the match . 
 Not at all . 	I have something really cool to tell you about ! Do you know anything about online auctions ? 
 I'll get all of that for you right away . Someone should be up shortly 	Excuse me , may I have the bill , please ? 
 Whatever you say ! 	I need help finding a gift for my daughter . 
 why not ? 	I've heard of ground-level ozone but can you explain what it is exactly ? 
 Well , I have a lot of work . I'll see how it goes . 	We are sorry for our fault . 
 Not really . That ’ s pretty heavy metal . 	Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word ? 
 Sure , anytime . 	Good evening , sir . 
 That's ok , keep going , you ’ re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ’ t pound . That ’ s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any 	OK , folks , let's get to work . We need to come up with some ideas for the new essentials perfume campaign . This is a really big contract and we are under a lot of pressure here to impress the client . 
 No , I ’ m serious . 	Do you like the apartment ? 
 We can get both at the cafeteria . 	Hey Michelle , jump in quick . It's pouring out there ! 
 I was very sad when I was laid off last year . 	I'm exhausted . My new exercise class is so hard , 
 Well . Go to the police station and see if it ’ s there . 	It depends on where you are and what position you are in . For instance , if you are in an elevator and you smile , you will make other takers uncomfortable . 
 It's not that I don't like your cooking , but I ate some cookies before we had dinner . 	What a beautiful day ! 
 Not a problem . Enjoy the rest of your day . 	Excuse me , I am a transit passenger for flight PB965 , can you tell me where to go ? 
 Sure , let ’ s just be friends . 	Annie , what is troubling you ? You look unhappy . 
 Thank you . Thank you very much . 	Could you hold the elevator , please ? Thanks a lot . 
 Oh , well , I looked around . There wasn't any other space . I waited a while and nobody came . I'm sorry if I've taken your place . 	I'm sorry , I've lost my tags and receipt . What can I do about it ? 
 How terrible ! 	They're here ! Now that's speedy service ! And they arrived within two days of each other ! 
 I like to stick to the clean stuff , like vodka , gin , white rum and other clear spirits . 	How's it going ? 
 Oh , I see . I think 90 days is more than enough time . 	you're rather energetic today . What's going on ? 
 Thank you . 	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . 
 No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking . 	Nice and warm again , isn ’ t it ? 
 Bye . 	The mailboxes are right down there , and the laundry room with coin-operated washers and dryers is over there . 
 Because the traffic is not crowded . 	Hi , Mike , what gives ? 
 I'm still not sure whether I can recover from it . 	What would you like to drink ? Tea or coffee ? 
 I have no problem singing like a canary . 	May I help you ? 
 She'll be fine . 	Good morning.So this is the first day for you to work here , I hope you'll like your job . 
 I think so , too . 	Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce ! 
 Oh good we are almost there . The museum is round the corner from the Post Office . 	Is this the Law Firm of A & B ? 
 Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you . 	Peter , take off your pajamas . 
 Nothing rang a bell . 	You got our email with all the specifications for the project . We'll be accepting bids untill noon on Tuesday . If you have any questions between now and then , please let me know . 
 I don't think so . He only had no common sense . 	Hello , I brought a lap-top computer with me . Do you know how can I use the internet in my room ? 
 The pleasure is all mine . 	Hey , Daniel , how's it going ? 
 I know . And some poor guy that robs a liquor store makes $ 500 at most and ends up in jail for five to ten years . 	Are you cold ? 
 Wow ! Call him tonight ! You guys will really have an interesting love story to tell everyone ! 	Mike ! Look at the floor ! 
 Excellent . I'll start practicing my dance moves . 	You ran the stop sign . May I see your driver's licence , please ? 
 Then , you're probably addicted . 	What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ? 
 Yes . Can you help me remember how to spell ' beautiful ' ? 	I can see by your resume here that you studied business administration . 
 Thanks a lot . 	David , why don't you clean your room ? 
 Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes . 	Have we handed out all the water ? 
 You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ? 	What can I do for you ? 
 O . K . See you . 	Why is there water all over the bathroom floor ? 
 We appreciate your help . 	Sunshine Hotel . 
 You're welcome , glad to be of assistance . 	All the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth . 
 Billy ... 	Can you make the tea , Sam ? 
 Oh , yes . I remember . 	Could you do me a favour ? Please give me some confidential information . 
 You can use quarters , dimes and nickels . 	I want a doggy bag , waiter . 
 Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well . 	Do you have wool socks ? 
 I know what you mean . 	To be frank , I find philosophy rather boring . 
 Great ! I can't wait . 	Brad , wait ! 
 Hold on , let me pull up your version 7 requirements ... Oh yes , no wonder our estimate is a little different from what you had in mind . I see the version 7 also includes 6 additional hostesses and a cocktail self-serve bar that wasn't in the version 12 . That will definitely add to your cost on this project ... 	So what did you think about the movie ? 
 Yeah . He has no one to count on . 	Can I have this shoe in the black please ? 
 It's OK . Don't worry about it . Our school coach will train us to play basketball . 	Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please ? 
 Pork chops . 	Hey , the pool's open now ! 
 It is hard to believe this little thing is so valuable to us . 	Honey , wait ! I've sprained my ankle . 
 Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while . 	Verry sorry to have kept you waiting so long . What do you want , Madam ? 
 Yes , we are a foreign-invested company . 	Your PC is so amazing . Are you doing trade on internet ? 
 But the Brazilian is tougher . 	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ? 
 A little distraction might do you some good , Zina . 	I feel pity for the old man . 
 I hope so . 	Miss , which is the movie channel ? I can't find it . 
 Please bring me the chicken chops . 	We finally get a chance to meet . 
 Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future . 	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes . 
 I will . 	How about a game of tennis ? 
 I really have to get to Paris by this evening.Would you please try to find any other available flight ? 	hello . Where are you headed today ? 
 Come over and chew the fat . We can enjoy to our hearts'content . 	It ’ s a wonderful party , Joan , The food , the drink , the atmosphere ... Everyone is enjoying himself . 
 I see . 	Is the room ready for the meeting , Miss Chen ? 
 Thanks . See you at school tomorrow if you feel better . 	Ok ! I ’ m ready for my driving lesson ! Should I start the car ? 
 That's fine . Thank you again . 	He followed me all the way home ! 
 OK . Let's go 	Shall we go to the library by subway ? 
 Oh no ! A bear ! Run , Tiger , run ! Somebody call animal control ! 	I was wondering if you'd let me stay here for a few days . 
 It starts at 11AM in the morning . 	Oh , hi , Lily . When did you get back from Canada ? 
 OK , I ’ ll be right back . 	Morning , Mary . I haven't seen you in a long time . What's up ? 
 Not much , usually I'll just keep silent . 	What kind of jobs are becoming popular in your country ? 
 Icecream , please . 	Do you have a double room for tonight ? 
 Definitely , I ’ m really sorry . 	Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country ? 
 Well , that sounds better than giving it up . 	Bob is really handsome . 
 All right . I will begin boarding soon . 	I am wondering if you have a room with twin bed . 
 I see . Thank you very much . 	Would you please wrap the shoes first ? I would like to buy a sweater . 
 Yes , I think that is a danger , and I think that . . in fact is what mishappening to a lot of people who use it as their ... their main ... um field of amusement and ... because they don't have other outside interests and even when people come round they'll leave the television and not be , you know , particularly interested in talking to them , you Know the television will be the main thing in the room . 	Julia , I have good news for you . 
 Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed . 	We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . 
 not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us . 	There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . 
 OK , I'll call ahead . 	I ’ m so excited , mother . Oh , a new baby ! 
 Yes , Madam . 	how are you doing ? 
 I agree with you . Only in this way can we ease the traffic problems . 	Can I help you with something ? 
 That's fine . Let's get on the bus . 	What's the matter , sir ? You look pale . 
 No , Sir , I did not . 	Hi , John . What brings you to town ? 
 Yes , I see . 	Hi.Ed , what's up ? 
 It certainly does . But if you practice speaking every spare minute and learn useful sentences every day you can make big progress . 	I'd like to talk to Mr . White please ? 
 I'll just go and check it for you , sir . 	What can I do for you , miss ? 
 Wait ! Don ’ t turn it on ... 	Tomorrow I will be the new owner of all dad's assets . 
 Now you're talking , we can see that love story next time . 	Judy , what is everybody talking about ? 
 Of course . 	Hello , is that John ? 
 The motorcycle ? But that ’ s mine ! 	Peter , how often do you exercise ? 
 You are my best friend . That's what I should do . Please don ’ t be a stranger . 	Your dog is really cute . What's his name ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Feel free to ask me any time you need help . 	How can I help you ? 
 The skateboard does not pollute the air , either . It can be used as a tool to ride instead of walk . 	Have you seen the new Hannibal Letter movie ? 
 No . That ’ s everything . Thank you . 	I want to reserve rooms for my colleagues . 
 Ok.There are four persons in my family , my parents , my elder sister and me . 	Why don't we get ourselves a new car ? The old one's falling apart . 
 I think I'm your lucky fellow . 	What will you have ? 
 Wow , you ’ Ve inspired me to do something ! 	We've changed the schedule again . I really want to meet with you , Mr . White . I just need some time to sort out my schedule . 
 Sounds cool ! But that is not what a lady should do . People are easy to lose head in a night club and being drunk . 	Passport , please ! 
 There . Stop ! 	I'd like to speak with the apartment manager , please . 
 Well , the airport is quite far from the downtown area , but it is still more convenient than taking the train . 	Hey , Tom . I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look . 
 Then try it yourself . 	Lots of elderly people want peace and quiet in their old age , but young people want an unconstrained life . 
 Ok , son . I think I ’ Ve go to tell you the truth . My company has gone out and I ’ m now out of job . If you want a new camera , go and earn money yourself . 	Hello , BCD Company , can I help you ? 
 You liar , I saw you again in the inn . I bet you don't want to work at all . 	Susan , can you tell me in a nutshell what the retail market is like in China ? 
 Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother . 	Aren ’ t you going to swim ? 
 I cann't wait for buying his CD now . 	Good evening . How many people of your party ? 
 My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him . 	Are you going out again ? 
 I guess so . But the music is too loud . I don't mind getting out and meeting people , but next time I'll do it in a park . 	Miss Liu , please come in . 
 All right . this suits my taste best . I'II take It . 	Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits ? 
 Here . We have black , white and transparent panty-hose here . 	Hello ? 
 I remember now . I met him before . 	Would you like to go to a concert tonight ? 
 That's what friends are for . 	May I have the bill , please ? 
 Thank you . Please come again . 	What kinds of things do you like to do ? 
 Thank you very much . 	May I come in ? 
 Thank you , you too . 	What ? 
 Thank you . Good-bye . 	Good morning , Mr . Smith . 
 Certainly it is . It's worth an Academy Award . 	Shall we have some soup first ? 
 No , that ’ s enough , thank you . 	Where did you get your mobile ? It's really cute . 
 Who knows ! 	Hey , Rose , how are you feeling ? 
 Where is my wallet ? Someone has stolen my wallet ! 	It is obvious that their government is nursing the hope of having all other countries over a barrel and bring them completely under their control . 
 Good idea ! 	Welcome to IBA . Do you need any assistance ? 
 OK , ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do . 	How was your holiday to Cyprus ? 
 OK.We wait for you . 	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ? 
 I hope I still have chances . 	Now , Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I ’ Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I ’ m quite impressed . 
 Good idea ! Let's make ready , then . 	Do you have the same style in white ? 
 Let me know with your next dance . I know a band that may give you a break for the publicity . 	Front Desk . 
 Certainly , perhaps . 	We should keep Frank at arm's length . 
 I'll get it for you right now . 	Hi , Juliet , I'm treating Mr.Li and his team members from Galp to dinner tomorrow evening.Where do you think I should take them ? 
 Vince wants us to have everything debugged and ready to go by the end of the month . 	Hello , Sunshine Travel Agency . 
 thanks , sir . 	Do you have cheongsams ? 
 That ’ s my brother ! 	Good evening . 
 Oh , yes . That would be lovely . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for your English textbooks . 
 Your dream will come true.It ' s really breathtaking . 	finally we're on board ! 
 Yes . 	Where are we going now ? 
 Oh , I see . Thank you very much . 	alright , tell me what you think . 
 No , we met at university . 	I have failed in my final examination . What can I do now ? 
 It was nothing . 	Waiter , the dish is cold to eat . Could you please heat it up for me ? 
 Yes . 	Something ’ s burning ? 
 Really , what's going to happen now ? 	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days . 
 You are so interesting . 	Do you mind if I ask you a question ? 
 Yes , sir . I'll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir . 	You're so witty ... 
 It's 90 dollars in all . 	What do you think about all the different diets that people go on ? 
 Good heavens ! Don't bring that frog in the house . 	Excuse me . Nature calls . 
 How moving love is . 	He ’ s got laid off again . I do feel sorry for him . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Can I help you ? 
 that ’ s true . There ’ s clear evidence that people who listen to lively music are lively people . Music can influence a person ’ s feeling and character . 	Hi , I want to see the Terra Cotta Warriors in Xi'an . Could you please remind me when we are arriving at that stop ? 
 There is no need . Thanks . 	I need to order new business cards . 
 Thanks , you too . 	Nice to see you , Patrick . 
 Absolutely . She's a teacher of aerobics . 	Any plans tonight ? 
 OK , no problem . 	Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it . 
 Yeah , It was scary , but exhilarating . 	At their last meeting , the stockholders voted unanimously to block the merger of our company with Blycore . All the executive committee was in favor of the merger ... I don't understand how the stockholders could have so much power to throw a wrench in the plans ... 
 Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am . 	I learned of the railway accident only this morning . 
 That ’ s fine . Take your time . 	Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks . 
 I'm sorry , but I've got an important job to do . 	Anything else ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? 
 No problem , I'll get on that right away . Thanks , bye . 	I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please ? 
 Sometimes they are too independent . 	Professor Wang , what is non-tariff barrier ? 
 Okay , sir , but don't think too long . Your checkout is only 30 minutes away . 	Welcome . May I help you ? 
 You are welcome . 	Hello , Mary . Why are you standing here in the cold wind ? 
 That sounds kind of boring . Oh , look . They're dimming the lights . I think we should get back to our seats for the second half of the play . 	so , have you seen all three The Lord of the Rings movies ? 
 I see . Thanks for your drive . 	What's the name of the series just showed ? 
 Right . I enjoy what I'm doing . 	Do you know the circulation of this magazine ? 
 This is interesting , Ms.Parker . 	Hi , John . What brings you to town ? 
 Okay . Enjoy your browsing . 	Hi , I'm here to check in . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? 
 We'd better prepare for the worst . 	How may I help you ? 
 Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest . 	Isn't it wonderful walking here ? 
 I'm glad you enjoyed the city , anyway . But please don't think too unkindly of us . 	Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier . 
 I ’ m sorry . I thought we were all pretty much in agreement . 	hi , my name's Abby . What's your name ? 
 That'll be fine . 	are you ready to go to the bank ? 
 In a way , it ’ s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself . 	What is your favorite kind of music ? 
 The most you will experience will be a dry cough but you probably won ’ t experience anything negative . 	A funny thing happened to me the other day . 
 Yes , of course . The balance sheet contains 3 major sections , that is , assets , liabilities and owner's equity . 	I need help with my timesheet . 
 Oh , it's a pity . 	Lady , you look unhappy . What ’ s the beef ? 
 No , I want to buy a car , and that's going to take every penny I've got . 	Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . 
 $ 10 a kilo . 	I need help . I think my arm is broken . 
 Please fill out the table . 	I have lots of work to do . What ’ s more , my grandma is ill . 
 Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon too . You ’ Ve been doing some great work . 	Do you have any questions before you commit yourself to this ? 
 Well , nothing more than a jumble of photographs . 	Wow ! It ’ s packed . 
 If I were the man making the decisions , you could get in line tomorrow . I strongly support ordinary people going into space . Unfortunately , I don't think it will be in the near future . 	Can you believe the headlines ? 
 Dear , forgive me . I won ’ t do that again . 	Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? 
 It ’ s a start , but I ’ ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise ! 	I have no idea what to buy for Mary for her birthday . 
 Thanks for saying that . 	I don't like the merry-go-round . 
 Sounds like you've done your homework . I think you're ready for this . 	Can you work over tonight ? 
 Sure . We have a good after-sale service . Your satisfaction is guaranteed . 	Jane's mother always wants her to marry a big shot . J 
 I'll have to think about it . 	How long are you staying ? 
 That about does it . See you in a week . 	Is that your phone ? 
 All right . 	The teacher just canceled the test . 
 Thank you , Mr . Parker . 	But this place doesn't feel like a forty-ping apartment . 
 I will think about it . 	Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ’ t just stand there ! Come and take a seat ! 
 I could do that . 	It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you had to wait . Saturday is a busy day for us . 
 The view is breathtaking . 	What games do you like ? 
 It's a deal . 	What are in this folder ? 
 Two bottles of white wine , please . 	I've just taken a spanner set from the stores . 
 OK . I'll take this one . 	Hello , Mr . Brown . How are you today ? 
 Yeah , but so what ! I ’ m proud to live in the world ’ s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too . 	Mom , look , that cake looks delicious . My mouth is watering . 
 Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee ! 	Can I borrow this magazine from you ? It's really interesting and I can't put it down . 
 I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly . It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me . 	Steven , what's your idea of price ? 
 We'll try our best . Anyway , we assure you that shipment will be made not later than the first half of April . 	I have finished filling in the forms . Can I go to my room now ? 
 Oh yeah ! Would you please welcome ... Miss Jan Brown . 	Is this your new teacher ? 
 The company will assign you housing subsidies at 400 yuan a month . 	Charlotte , have you had your supper ? 
 I'll take it . Please wrap it up for me and give me the receipt . 	Hey , Mark , long time no see . 
 Certainly , Ms . Ransom . Do you have an order number ? 	Thanks for coming to see me today . 
 How unlucky for Rikknen , and this race is over ladies and gentlemen , Alonso takes the checkered flag ! 	Tonight is a party night ! What drinks do you think we need ? 
 Thank you so much . I really appreciate that . 	I want to get a snack at the cafeteria . 
 But they don't let you have goods on approval . 	This looks wonderful , Madame Culot . 
 Okay , they ’ ll be ready for you in an hour . 	Then , Mary . We need 10 more loose-leaf binders , five pounds of heavy duty white paper , and what else did I say ? 
 Sure , let's go to Malibu . 	Come on , fellows.Let ' s enjoy my wife's cooking ! 
 I see . So this is your hometown ? 	A : Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ? 
 But he was trying to beat about the bush . And my talk with him was fruitless . 	What about you , Ernie ? How did you get into pop music ? 
 Get out of my store , you jerk ! 	Ah , here we are . 
 Yes . That would be fine . 	Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ? 
 Very well , Mr . Jones . 	How much is the voucher worth ? 
 OK , I'll take it . 	Betty , would you please read this letter of application I've just written ? I'd like to have your opinion . 
 Well . We ’ re expecting about twenty-five people and we ’ d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head . 	Excuse me , bags aren't permitted inside the supermarket . 
 I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point . 	Hello . I'm answering the ad in the paper about your car.And I wonder if it is still available ? 
 Come on . Give it a chance . The movie just started . 	Hey , let's go to the night market after work tonight . 
 I don't know . 	Strange looking handle on that coffee mug , isn't it ? 
 It's cool . 	Where on earth are we ? 
 Alright . 	When I was a little boy , I had a dream of becoming a lawyer . 
 Thank you ! 	Jessica is going back to Holland next week . I've been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but I still have no clue . 
 Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it . 	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ? 
 No , thank you . I can manage it , I think . 	Are you going to the cafeteria downstairs ? 
 No.thanks . I'm full . 	Hi , Cindy . I thought I ’ d missed you . 
 Not as much as I'd like to . Usually just on holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas . 	I went to Rotes ’ , you know , Edith Roth is the author of a book about moths . 
 Oh , SHUT UP ! 	Next please ! Hello sir , may I see your passport please ? 
 Less than a serving of alcohol a day can actually be good for you . Do not overdo it ! 	Linda , John and I are going to get married next week . 
 Why are you being so nice to me ? Don't think for a second that I trust you . 	It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies . 
 No problem , I'll settle that now . You can take it from my Business Account . 	Come here at once , John . Will you ? 
 I think so . We can go there in the afternoon if you like . 	Dad , can you buy a new camera ? My old one has gone west . 
 There ’ s you receipt . Goodbye . 	I would like to talk to you , if you have time . 
 No way , if it still has 21 . 	Okay , so let ’ s go over everything one more time . I really want you to get this job ! 
 If the new girl is competent , maybe they will promote her when that time comes . 	Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ’ s wrong ? You don ’ t look so happy . How was your date ? 
 A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets . 	just don't understand why we have to take the subway . Look at this place . It's modern enough . But it's far from lively . 
 We need to establish routine maintenance procedures . It costs us too much in lost production if we wait until something breaks down before we fix it . 	Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson . 
 Not bad , thanks . 	Hey Sarah , I'm having some trouble finding an apartment . Can you help me look at some listings online ? 
 No problem . Follow me , please . 	So Emily , do you still want to see a movie together this weekend ? 
 Have a good time ! 	I received an E-mail from mother today . 
 You might feel a little dizzy at first , but it should pass . 	Jane , pleases come with us . 
 I guess so . 	Waiter , bill , please . 
 Come on in this afternoon and we will talk . It will be fine ! 	Why do you want to be a stewardess ? 
 That ’ s right . 	What qualities do you think a business manager should possess ? 
 I don't think that Myra should have spoken so rudely to the teacher . I know she was angry , but that's still no excuse for rudeness . 	Why are you handing me a plastic cup ? 
 that might be true , but I think men should have some kind of say in the matter . 	Shall I get you another cup of coffee ? 
 I knew that already . 	It smells like an ashtray in here ! 
 You are a better judge . I don't know the play well enough . 	I ’ d like to withdraw some money from my account . 
 Thank you so much . 	How ’ re you today ? 
 I'm afraid so . 	Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 
 Sorry . I'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... I watch them all . 	Hi , Mr . James , what ’ s the rush ? 
 OK . I'll take it . Thank you . 	Hi Julie , how are things going ? 
 I work in a cubicle too , but I don't mind it . 	My wife and I didn't used to spend this much money . 
 Goodbye . Hope to see you again next year . 	Ah , Oh ! Are you hurt ? 
 $ 120 . 	What ? Your golden watch is lost ? 
 It would be much simpler and cheaper if they negotiated first . 	Excuse me . I wonder if you could help me . I'm looking for the Oriental Pearl Theater . 
 Yes , I know . 	Front desk , can I help you ? 
 Chocolate is mine . 	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession . 
 Don't hurry . Wait for my call . 	What would you like today ? 
 Yes . But not for about 2 weeks . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 I ’ ll look for a ticket for you , too . Thanks ! 	Tom , I married Julia last month . Have you already known it ? 
 Dear , let ’ s drop the subject . 	Here's the dress you wanted it to be made . 
 Yes . He is very understanding and supportive . 	Our factory locates at a village in the east of the city . The area of it is 3,600 square meters . 
 Very useful advice , I will try them right now . 	That dog has white long hair . It ’ s lovely . 
 Yes , here's my ID card . 	Mary , come here . I've found the book our teacher recommended us to buy last week . 
 OK , I will . 	Could you tell me something about your family ? 
 Ok , thanks ! 	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face . 
 Let's go and buy one . 	Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ’ t you ? 
 That sounds about right . 	Everything is OK now , doctor . 
 That's pretty tough ! 	Well , I am a regular member of this club . 
 But number 13 buses leave from the center of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one . 	Ma , I really don't know how to thank you . 
 Then let me take you out to dinner to celebrate . 	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ? 
 You said it . 	is that your rabbit ? 
 well , nothing more than a jumble of photographs . 	what are you doing ? 
 You are something else you know that ? 	Good morning , what can I do for you ? 
 After the new year . 	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? 
 Nice to meet you , too . 	Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? 
 Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while . 	Not only does it centralise management , it also increases the efficiency of funds . We have testimonials from various companies who are very happy with the service . 
 Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do . 	Mandy , Would you like to come for dinner tonight ? 
 That ’ s ok . Don ’ t be sorry . We ’ ll talk later . 	Can I get you something to drink ? 
 It is on the Jianshe Street where there is a Carrefour Supermarket near it . 	I can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . I ’ m sure . 
 Thank you so much . 	I made my little brother cry . 
 I really appreciate your help . 	Bob's sister will go to America . 
 It might begin now . 	How do I order the office supplies that I need ? 
 My poor memory . Thank you very much . 	Excuse me . But are you Mrs . Smith from America ? 
 Thank you . Hopefully I won't have to call about him again . 	How was your test ? 
 Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year . 	David , I ’ m going to China . 
 No , thanks . I'd like to go straight home . I'm very tired . 	Good morning . Sanyu Restaurant . May I help you ? 
 Mr . White , too . 	I like to open up a savings account please . 
 What a bone head ! Be careful next time . 	Please take me to Plaza Hotel . 
 Moreover , it's easy to clean , right ? You are really lazy . 	Mr . Wilson , here's a present for you . 
 Yes , what's your name ? 	You don ’ t look so good . 
 Hold on a minute please . I ’ ll have my assistant check that part . 	I have a feeling you will get this job . 
 Oh , I see . 	There are so many environment problems in the world today . Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world ? 
 Let me have a try . 	I've just been a little depressed lately . 
 Why not ? 	Daddy , I love this Happy Farmhouse . It's really fun . 
 He wants to go over the bonuses for this year . He ’ ll need to meet with Mr . Winthrop and Ms . Montgomery . Can you set it up for me ? 	How beautiful the flower is ! 
 But the private school amount to better schools . 	Hello , my name is Bill Martin and we have a reservation for party tonight . 
 Same here . 	Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ? 
 Okay , here's a new one for you . 	Would you mind giving me a hand ? 
 I am too . 	Welcome to Lens Magic , ma ’ am.How can I help you ? 
 That will be perfect . 	You must know you've been scheduled to have an operation the day after 
 Let me see . 	Excuse me . Could you help me ? 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? 
 Within 2 weeks once we receive your orders . 	After you've thought it over , get back to me and we can go ahead . 
 I understand that . 	Willy , I don't think we have much butter.Can you buy some ? 
 You don't have to keep saying that , Yuri . It's not your fault.But me--I'm the one who should be sorry.It was me who suggested operations here in the first place ! Oh , what can we do ? 	Do you have any English newspapers ? 
 But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . If they ’ re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive . 	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left . 
 I agree . Both Joe and Mark are men of guts . 	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ? 
 Of course , this way please . 	I would like to take my vacation next month . 
 Thank you . 	Hello , may I speak to Mr.Baker , please ? 
 Tell me if you need help . 	Excuse me , do you have any English songs ? 
 Be careful of yourself . 	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me . 
 Cheer up . You have got me at least . 	Why don't you go out with Jack ? 
 Goodbye , Alice . 	Good evening ! This is Mr . Smith in room 609 . 
 Thank you . 	Mr . Emory ? I think it ’ s time to get a new computer . 
 It ’ s infuriating . I have to be in Rome by five . 	Welcome to Flash Foot , sir.How can I help you ? 
 Oysters , please . 	Thanks for your help . 
 Thank you . 	May I see the manager of your office ? 
 No , that ’ s all . Thanks . 	Excuse me , sir . But please call an ambulance . My friend suddenly got a sharp pain in the stomach . 
 I'll have to ask my wife how long she'll need it for as it is mainly for her belongings . I'll come back after we have discussed it . Thanks for your help . 	The Mountains would be a great place for the company retreat . 
 Really ? Let ’ s go there . 	How can I get to Lakeside Park ? 
 Thank you . We'll inform you in time . Goodbye . 	hello , Kate ! How are you doing ? 
 A barrel of fun , of course . He often says that I'm a date bait . 	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ? 
 No , not at all.it ' s about how to keep fit . 	Are you sure this is the right restaurant 。 
 Ok , count me in . 	Do you like the apartment so far ? 
 This sheet tells the visiting hours and funeral time and location . 	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music . 
 I think French will be fine . 	Hello , Oriental Hotel . 
 I just watched the investment TV program last weekend . It has become a very hot topic these days . Actually I am not even a beginner . 	What happened ? 
 Yes.Bring me a bath towel as well . 	Don't do that . You are asking for trouble . 
 That's perfect . See you on Saturday . 	This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking . 
 That ' ok . That's happens all the time . 	I'm ready to place an order with you , but only one condition that the goods are confined to Australia . Can you do that ? 
 That ’ s fantastic . Thank you . 	It's time for bed . 
 I promise . 	Why are you going out with Andy ? 
 It is so nice of you . 	Hey Annie , who is this picture of ? 
 Two small boxes . 	I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now . 
 That's a dandy idea . Thank you for reminding me . 	How's it going ? 
 That's exactly the way I feel . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 True . But I think it is worth it . When you get old , you want to be healthy and active . 	We have the orientation this afternoon . 
 Let ’ s see ... I would say about eight hundred dollars . 	Pete's Pizza , may I help you ? 
 I am not running after the fashion . I just want a very beautiful and clean kitchen . 	Please come in , Steven . 
 Here ’ s my card , just give me a call if you ’ re interested . 	I love your bracelet . When did you get it ? 
 That'd be nice . 	You really should stop smoking , you know . 
 Yes , that's quite all right for me . 	Is that you , Bob ? 
 It's seriously good . 	Are you being served , sir ? 
 I got $ 500 a week . 	Mary , can you help me set the table ? 
 Yes , I have everything here . OK , I'll come in and see you later today . Maybe I could have my new car as early as next week ! How exciting ! 	Well , to come straight to the point , could you tell us something about your new price ? 
 Me too . But I tell myself that if they don ’ t accept me , another school will . 	This looks like a very nice house . 
 How about 60 % for the first load , then 20 % each ? 	I've been standing here since half past seven . Where on earth have you been ? 
 No , but I have database programming experience and network knowledge . 	Is that Room service ? 
 Four and a half going on twelve ! 	Excuse me , what's the charge for a picture ? 
 You have such good ideas ! 	Fred , we're gonna have a meeting after half an hour . Have you got it ? 
 Oh , sorry about that.We ' ll get it fixed as soon as we can . 	Mom , what are you doing ? 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	You are starting to learn English ? 
 No . I won't need to see anything except your driver's license . 	May I help you ? 
 sounds great ! I'll be there . 	Hello , Mary . 
 No problem , here you are . 	There have been too many unplanned shutdowns over the past few months . We'll have to make a few changes to the way we operate . We need to reduce our downtime . 
 Well , here there are many different clubs you can get into , for free , you don't have to pay , some of them . In London it's really expensive for drinks and an entry fee . 	Excuse me , could I ask a favour ? 
 I have an appointment at one fifteen . 	I'm looking forward to summer vacation . 
 Here you are . 	Hello , madam . How do you like your staying here ? 
 It's a great place to work . They give you fair pay and benefits , and a lot of room to grow . I think if they off you a job , you should definitely take it . 	What may I help you with ? 
 Thank you . Do you have some other colors ? 	I need to get some beef . 
 I---I don ’ t feel like saying it . 	Is Alice available ? 
 I'll explain later , let's go . 	Honey , how is by you ? 
 I support our new President 100 % . 	So , Emily , how was your day ? 
 Yes ... quite pretty . 	What can I help you with today ? 
 Sounds like it was ment to be . 	Are we going to have dinner tonight ? 
 No , sir , you have to deal with your own meal since we charge you only $ 80 for the trip . 	Excuse me , can you tell me the way to Holton railway station ? 
 Thanks . 	Can you tell me what's the time in London ? 
 Yes , I swear . 	Bob , you're so lucky that you've come at the right time-the 2005 International Tourism Festival is around the corner . 
 At the close of escrow , the house will be yours ! 	OK , guys . Here's the plan . Get the ball to the goal , and keep it away from Rich and Taylor ! 
 But the private school don't amount to better schools . 	What's your favorite kind of music ? Do you like pop music ? 
 oh well . You never really liked your boss anyway , did you ? 	How was your trip to Brazil ? Did you learn anything ? 
 Of course not . We have cooperated for a long time . 	Excuse me , you look lost.Can I help you ? 
 That's fine . I can make it . 	You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen . 
 Haha . Wish you good luck . 	Hello , is that Mr . Li ? 
 I am going to post all of that information on the geology club web page . Check it out when you get a chance . See you Monday ! 	May I help you ? 
 Come on . I don't see any point in arguing about this . Everyone has a right to his own opinion . 	We ’ re going to the Dragon Boat Festival tomorrow . Feel like coming along ? 
 April the first is coming.Be careful ! 	What department did you study in ? 
 Why not travel by ourselves ? 	Hey , look out ! 
 Not at all . Welcome again . 	Hi Mary , how's it going ? 
 My pleasure . 	My god , it's such a lovely lake ! The lake has a water surface of 56 square kilometers . 
 I guess so . 	Welcome to Jinyuan Shoe Town . What can I do for you ? 
 That is great . All I want is for you to do your best in everything you do . 	What's your favorite book ? 
 I got it . I will remember . 	Good morning everyone . Thank you for attending the meeting today . I'm sure you all have a copy of the agenda . So let's get started with the first issue . 
 I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine ! 	Hello ? 
 In that case , I don't think I'll buy one here . 	Which film shall we see ? 
 No problem , sir . We'll manage it . 	It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas . 
 Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week . 	Garage sale , what does that mean ? 
 Thank you . I'll have one . 	I'm really sick of waiting for a bus . 
 I have no idea . 	My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape . 
 There are many famous places such as Robson Street , Stanley Park , Gaston , Lion Gate Bridge , The Vancouver Art Gallery , and The Canadian Crafts Museum . 	What a good day ! 
 Thank you . I appreciate the compliment . 	Ladies and gentlemen , dear Mr . Simpson . Following the increasing communication between Unity Company and Pineapple Computer Company , we established steady cooperation . And today we all here feel very proud and honored to have Mr . Simpson with us . Mr . Simpson is well-known for his success and his career . So first of all , let me , on the behalf of all present here , extend our warm welcome and cordial greetings to our distinguished guest . Now let's invite Mr . Simpson to give us his speech . 
 I think you should enlarge your circle of real life friends , and then the right person will come along . 	What time does the train for Tibet leave ? 
 They're not cheap , but neither is their furniture . 	Hi , this is China Southern Airlines . Is that Miss . Ye ? 
 Fine.we we'll send it to you right now . 	Good evening.Welcome to our program . 
 I'll take them . 	Let's go for a drink after work . 
 OK . You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $ 100 deposit . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 I don't care . I have a headache . 	How much money do you expect in this position ? 
 You have to be there two hours before departure time . 	Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? 
 That sounds good . 	Can you help me find a lotion for a problem I am having ? 
 Better not forget that , so kill you if you don't get her something . 	Traffic rules are different among countries . 
 Sometimes you might feel dizzy , but that isn ’ t common . 	Hello ! Where can I buy an inexpensive cashmere sweater ? 
 Thank you . 	Your assistant said that it was time to come in and sign my escrow papers . 
 It ’ s my pleasure , Madam . 	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? 
 I don't know exactly , but it costs a lot of money . 	How do you usually get to school ? 
 The old man is knocked down by the bicycle . 	Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan . 
 Are you kidding ? It ’ s summer . 	Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ? 
 Arthur , that ’ s the bathroom . 	We are sorry to bring you so much trouble . 
 Well ... the beer sounds good ! 	Welcome back , soccer fans . My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my commentating wingman , Bob Copeland . 
 Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time . I ’ ll talk to you next week . 	May i help you ? 
 Sure . Let ’ s go . 	We used to be very friendly , but it seems now that my daughter ’ s marriage has taken its toll of our relationship . 
 You're right.If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that . 	Can I help you ? 
 Of course even people who don't know anything about golf know his name . 	I don't know what I can do now . I'm down and out . 
 Well , what about $ 8 ? Take it or leave it . 	How much are these apples ? 
 Yes , absolutely true . 	What does your mother do , may I ask ? 
 This is the last thing you need to do , but it may take a while for the papers to be processed . 	I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ? 
 I'm not busy tomorrow . Call me then . 	Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? 
 Yes . Thank you . 	I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ? 
 What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy . 	Excuse me . Have you got the time ? 
 It's worth a shot . Maybe we'll get some luck in thinking up something for this case . 	Did you put this morning's faxes on my desk ? I'm waiting for some urgent faxes from headquarters , I'm pretty sure they came in last night . 
 Thank you very much . See you then . 	Good morning , Sir . Can I help you with something ? 
 I'm very sorry , Mrs . Wang . But I'm afraid I can't promise you even that . As I've said , we require payment by L / C . 	Welcome , young man . No offence , but I haven't seen you here before . 
 OK sir , please wait a minute . 	Sorry , I overslept . My alarm clock didn't go off this morning . 
 Perfect . Thank you , goodbye ! 	Good Morning.What can I do for you ? 
 I won ’ t be needing anything else . 	Which season do you like best ? 
 No , I want to go to the movies instead . 	Hello , miss . I would like to check out . 
 It's a good thing you can speak English ! 	Are you free on Friday evening because we were wondering if you would like to come round for dinner ? 
 That seems pretty reasonable . Thanks . 	Have you heard the news ? 
 OK . I get it . I'm getting back into bed ... 	that was a great party . Thanks for saying behind to help me clear up . 
 Thank you . 	Can we have two tickets for this evening's film ? 
 Yeah , fortunately it did not cause a disaster . 	I've got a headache and sore throat . 
 I see . All right , then . Thanks . 	What color is your new dress ? 
 Take it easy . It ’ s no good worrying . You were on your last leg if you keep worrying in this way . 	Hi , this is ABC Company . Is that Joseph ? 
 We ’ ll contact you soon , Ted . Thanks for coming in . 	The sun is up ! Time for all the campers to rise . Time to get paddling . 
 OK , goodbye . 	It's your turn , sir.Sorry to keep you waiting . 
 I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school . 	Tom ? Oh , it's been a while since we've talked to each other . Nice to hear you again . 
 No problem , John . 	Good morning , Felix Wasserman Associates . Beth Jennings speaking . 
 The funds are all ready to go in my personal account , so let's transfer it . 	Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ? 
 No , but I can't imagine that a girl like you would wonder to see a war movie . 	Let's go to the cinema tonight , shall we ? 
 Alright . You win . Please pass the brain food . 	Thanks a lot for having us . We had a good time . 
 That sounds an interesting job , Bob . 	you're finally here ! What took so long ? 
 Bye . 	Excuse me . I'd like to cash the traveler's check . 
 I will call the managers.Then tomorrow I'll tell you when we can schedule our first meeting in this " new style . " 	so nice to see you again , Louise . How are you doing ? 
 You are right . 	Where are you going for your holidays , Charles ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Excuse me . When's the next bus ? 
 You are welcome , goodbye . 	Hi , Sue . What's up ? 
 A brand new taxi is pulling up now . 	are you ready to go the concert ? 
 My pleasure . 	When can I get high speed internet installed ? 
 Well , I'm afraid not . I think the hero has much more to be believed in . 	Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you ? 
 I used to work for a shipping company for six years , and I am quite familiar with some managers . Would your like to meet them ? 	Have you packed our passports ? 
 Exactly . Instead of increasing their position , I want to increase yours . 	What was that all about ? 
 Well , I ’ m not really a spring chicken anymore . We don ’ t know what will happen . 	How did Jim get the money ? 
 That would be wonderful . Thank you so much for all of your help . 	Excuse me . I was wondering how to order office supplies . 
 The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe what I know is sufficient to work in an American firm . 	Excuse me . My bag was stolen , will you help me ? 
 Good-bye . See you again sometime . 	Well , what did you think about the last candidate ? Do you think we should hire her ? 
 But the Reds keep a weak midfield . I think Juventas of Italian Series A have always maintained a very formidable midfield . It is the main source of its strength . 	We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ? 
 Sure , no problem . 	The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? 
 Yes . I graduated last year and got a job in a press . 	What do you base our grades on ? 
 No , just bring yourself . I hope to see you there . 	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Where's the toilet ? 
 He would be good . 	I don't think much of the film . 
 OK.Thanks for asking me . 	Can you help me figure out how to use this vending machine ? 
 Me too . 	I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there's something wrong with the fax machine . 
 That's OK . As long as you clean it up . 	It's almost 6:00 . I'd better be going . 
 If the weather stays nice perhaps we can go to the beach this weekend.It ' s been a while since I've not really gotten some sun . 	A :: You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you . 
 No , but if you can think of anything else , just get it . 	Excuse me . Do you know where I can find a pay phone ? 
 It's at the back . I think you are near-sighted . You had better get yourself a pair of nice glasses . 	I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones . 
 No problem . Bye , bye . 	Sun-set hotel . May I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	The skirt looks beautiful . Can I try it on ? 
 For fun . It serves as a shared topic to them.While they claim to consult the predictions constantly and marvel at their " accuracy ' . they do not necessarily take them seriously . When it that these predictions are matched by their real-life experiences , they delight in spreading the thrill with friends . But if there isn't any correlation between reality and predictions , they just grin , forget about them , and go on living as usual . 	Hello . Mr . Zhang . It's Mary . 
 I don't know . I think the idea of a plant going across borders with a friend is really exciting but maybe seeds would be safer . You don't want to get her in trouble . 	Hello sir , how can I help you ? 
 It's just near the Dong Si Shi Tiao subway stop . 	Hello . 
 Sure , let's just be friends . 	Listen , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks . 
 No problems , sir . Everything will be already when you come back . 	I like watching comedies , like ' Boat ' . Do you like watching comedies too ? 
 Here's a check for ten dollars . 	Did you go and buy your bus pass ? 
 You can bet on that . 	I'd like to have internet on my computer . 
 Good for you . I know many people just leave their blogs alone after the first few months . 	How about doing shopping this weekend ? 
 Until we meet again . 	Let's catch the waiter's eyes . We want to have a table for 4 . 
 Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank ! 	Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ? 
 I ’ ll be right over ! 	You know them ? 
 Thanks a lot . I'm most grateful . 	Hi , it is a pleasant surprise ! 
 Thanks so much . 	Good morning , miss . 
 Thank you . 	Are you sure you heard right ? 
 Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! 	Well Mr . Black , I appreciate your interest in our company , but I doubt you can do this job properly . 
 Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ? 	Mary , today is a great day for you . 
 Ok , thank you.Goodbye . 	I'm leaving now , mum . 
 Fine . I'll be expecting you around two . 	Would you please teach me how to use the computer ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Once you arrive at the American airport , please call me . 
 Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle . 	What ’ s the plot of your new movie ? 
 At lease they stayed the same . That's better than dropping . 	Sarah , what did you do today ? 
 Thank you . 	Thanks for inviting me over for dinner this evening . 
 No . 	It seems to me that you fall for good-looking guys . 
 Speaking of cold , how about going for a cup of coffee to warm up . 	Mr . Emory ? I ’ d appreciate it if you would look over these letters before you leave today . 
 That is good , it should speed things up nicely . 	Julia , burglaries in our town have been on the wing . 
 Ok , it's a date then ! 	Why are you so quiet ? 
 Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth . 	Your request for compensation makes me surprised . What happened ? 
 She's my sister , you know . 	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ? 
 Yes , that ’ s all right . Thank you very much . 	Hello , this is Shogun Restaurant . 
 That sounds ideal . 	Good morning , Miss . 
 Thank you very much . 	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . 
 There . Stop ! 	Hey John , did you register for classes yet ? 
 I agree . I appreciate your helping me . 	Good afternoon . I suppose you are Ms . Monica . My name is Mr . Thomas , the general manager of ABC Company . Here is my business card . 
 Oh really ... well you must be very popular on the Internet . But it's true that it's nice to do some things in the comfort of your own home . 	Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ? 
 That's better . I like travelling . 	You're being childish . Your nose will heal . And so will your pride , if you let it . 
 I see . 	If I can improve my vertical jump a few more inches , I think beach volleyball might be my ticket . 
 Yes , I'll be glad to . 	Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Oh , my jump rope . Mom , can you get it for me ? 	Mr . Wang , I've had scheduled for your two days stay in Shanghai . You can make some changes if it does not suit you . 
 Now you're talking . That sounds good . What is it ? 	Tom has grown six inches within a year . 
 I could have stayed in bed for another half hour . 	Can I help you ? 
 You mother is not only a patient mother but also a gentle wife . 	Donna , you really shocked everyone at the party last night ! 
 Quite satisfied . I'm looking forward to our future cooperation . 	Lily , do you know Lizzy ? 
 You bet . I'm really excited . 	Would you please tell me about the Fortune magazine ? 
 All right . You need to have an interview with our manager , Mr . McBride . Let's go to his office . 	what are your strong points ? 
 I'd like to start at RIB 4,000 a month . 	He has a girlfriend already . 
 Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people . 	Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ? 
 Great idea ! 	How do I know if there is a vacancy in a company ? 
 Well , I would be glad to , but I have promised Tom to see his Christmas tree , and play the piano for his song tonight . 	Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ? 
 So the life of a cave woman was less stressful than my life ? 	It's time for your bath , young lady . 
 Really ? He looks so young . 	Can you help me do an internet search ? 
 I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it . 	Hey , what's new ? 
 Congratulations ! I ’ m really glad to hear it ! That should make balancing the books a lot easier ! 	Could you please stop flipping the channels ? 
 I'll have a good day once this day is over . 	Hello everyone ! I ’ m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland . 
 I see . We offer Agent Services free of charge here . Before your new business begins trading , we could , on behalf of your existing company , do a series of registration and get the certificates you need . If you are unsure of the local laws , that is . 	Hello , Who's that speaking ? 
 A debit card will be fine . 	May I help you , madam ? 
 Make sure and come back in a couple of weeks . 	Good afternoon . May I help you ? 
 No , thanks . That will be all . 	Excuse me , is this the office of the Textile Corporation ? 
 Well , maybe . 	Hello ? 
 OK , I'll give it a go . 	Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ? 
 There is , actually . If you can get your company to apply for a cheque from a bank in Shanghai , that'll speed things up no end . 	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO . 
 Yes , that's all . 	Lucy , where are you going ? 
 Then give me the ordinary ones . 	I understand we will need seven air conditioning units on the two floors.That ' s what you think , yes ? 
 You mean I have to wear the same thing every day ? MOM ! 	Being a diabetic , you're not allowed to eat certain foods . 
 OK , after we finish our preparation , we'll go to the supermarket . 	Excuse me , you look familiar . Did you use to live in New York ? 
 Yes , please.we need a record of you education and your work experiences . 	Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? 
 Then just keep your chin up . 	I want take shell on a date , but I don ’ t have much money . 
 Not bad . Everything goes well . 	Hi , Bill . Are you going to the commencement ? 
 You're very welcome . Here is my card , if you need any help . 	Hey man ! How ’ s it hanging ? 
 The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again . 	Can I get my dress today ? 
 I am too introverted to let others become my friends . 	What a nice garden ! Look at these tulips ! 
 Just tell him off . 	What is your strongest trait ? 
 Right . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 I'll pick you up here tomorrow . 	You ’ Ve been a sales manager for three years . How do you like the job ? 
 Oh . Graham . I love you so much and I really believe in our love . 	Who is your favorite music composer ? 
 I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight . 	Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ? 
 Bye . 	Have you ever done your shopping at Whole Foods market ? 
 6:30 . My room number is 305 . 	Do you want to try the new coffee here ? 
 They plan to install a printer here . But until then , you'll have to use the lab . 	May I help you ? 
 It ’ s an anniversary of our weeding . 	Where to , miss ? 
 Forget it . We don ’ t talk about anything personal , so I don ’ t know his name or what he does or where he lives exactly . So it ’ ll be really easy for me to stop seeing him , because I ’ m not ... 	You always stick to your PC recently . Are you still fascinated by chatting on line ? 
 Here's your receipt . 	I ’ Ve been having problems getting onto the Internet . 
 Well , as we say , the rest is history ... 	Will you help me take these things to the car ? 
 I have already learned a lot in the classroom and I hope to be able to make practical use of it in your company . My specialization at the university is just in line with the areas your institute deals with . I am sure I can apply what I have learned to the work in your institute . 	Let me help you with that . 
 He's fixing his roof . 	Excuse me , doc . I am not feeling well . Can you help me ? 
 Yeah . It'll be a shoppers heaven . That's the use of net in E-commerce . 	Excuse me . Is there any body here ? 
 I wish I could tell you yes , but no , there isn't . 	We ’ re asking for donations today . 
 Yeah , I will . 	If you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese ? 
 It was very good . I followed it right to the end . 	What ’ s your working day like ? 
 All right , It's a date . 	Can you give me a hand ? 
 Oh really ! That sounds lovely . 	I can ’ t believe that Anthony is finally getting married ! 
 Not too good yet . Better than I was though . 	Why are you all dressed up ? 
 OK , I ’ ll sing San Francisco then . 	Would you mind if I smoked ? 
 No , thanks . That will be it . 	Didn't you say your friend was American ? Where is she going on her honeymoon ? 
 Maybe you two should go see a marriage counselor . 	Where can I get my baggage ? 
 Is it ? 	What a washing machine ! It ’ s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ’ t work at all . I think I need a new one . 
 Promise ? 	Hello , Madam . Are you alright ? 
 Come on . It ’ s quite safe . You really have no guts . 	Mike's really angry . 
 Yeah ! When I got my nose job I was black and blue for a week ! 	What a mess ! 
 Yes , please . 	Bobby ! Come here , look what I got you ! 
 Me too . 	that was a really good meal , Gordon . 
 Ok , thank you . 	Where do you see yourself three years from now ? 
 Why asking that ? It's often the sort of Dutch treat . 	Can we talk about this bonus plan of yours ? I ’ Ve got a few problems with it . 
 That's something else ! Maybe I'll return it to them . 	Who's that over here ? 
 I no longer need to worry about what will happen with this country . 	Dave , wake up . 
 Hope so . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes , it is . But even in emergency rooms there is some paperwork to be done.Have you ever been in an emergency room before ? 	Excuse me , Professor . I think there might be an error in my test score . 
 They said he was an honest and professional businessman . But that's the exciting part . It's kind of like gambling ... 	Hi , Kate . 
 Anytime you have a question , please feel free to ask . 	You wouldn't believe what happened to me today . 
 I hope you find a nice sweater . 	We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight . 
 Good idea . 	We look forward to your early reply and trust that through our mutual cooperation we shall be able to conclude this transaction with you in the near future . 
 That ’ s true . There ’ s clear evidence that people who listen to lively music are lively people . Music can influence a person ’ s feeling and character . 	What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ? 
 I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ... 	Mom , this is your third bowl of rice ! 
 It was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! 	Good morning , Janice . Our office will hold a welcoming party in the evening , so I will allocate you some assignment . 
 Mr . : Just like everyone else . 	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities . 
 You are welcome . It's our job to keep things running smoothly . 	Now that we know what kind of music we will play , we have to decide what each of us will do . 
 I got it . 	What's for dinner tonight ? 
 Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on a diet . 	Is this the front desk ? 
 This is gonna be a great barbecue ! 	Is the view going to be ok ? 
 Yes , we do deliveries for orders over $ 15 , ma ’ am . 	Is this a duty-free shop ? 
 It was raining when I left New York . 	Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ? 
 Good idea ! 	How would you describe your relationship with our boss ? 
 OK . I'll see if I can get waited on . 	Hi , welcome to Rental Property Management . How can I help you ? 
 No problem . Good luck 	Hello . I'd like to get a seat to New York City on a flight leaving sometime before this Friday . 
 You know , speaking in class is a very good chance to put your English to practical use . 	Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course . First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ? 
 Good luck to you . 	Did you promise me to get the bread ? 
 I'll be right back . I just need to mail this package . 	This is frank speaking , may i ask who is calling ? 
 It ’ s my pleasure . 	Shall we have some soup first ? 
 Good luck ! 	How do you like it ? 
 That ’ s too bad . She ’ s been so kind to us all . 	Hey , Jack , I'd better go now . 
 In aisle 3 . 	How do you arrange this summer vacation ? 
 You'd better ask for suggestions from a career counselor , and then make a decision . 	I want to lose some weight ! 
 OK . Let's do it . 	Honey , what's wrong with you ? 
 My pleasure . 	On balance , dress designing appeals to me most . 
 Let's ask someone else . 	what ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets ? 
 that would be great . thanks . 	I am told that you dance like an animal . Why don ’ t you give a show in the front stage ? 
 Maybe you are right . 	May I use your phone ? 
 But I cannot forget him . 	I don ’ t dare to look after the children now . 
 Thanks . Let's go driving again tomorrow . 	There's a question I'm not sure whether it is suitable to ask . 
 Thank you , manager . 	My dear , what's for supper ? 
 Yes . We say “ eat well and drink well . ” 	Darling , can't you stay for a few more days ? 
 Love Music Woman 	Hello , miss . Where is the button that controls my seat ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	IBA , Maria speaking . How can I help ? 
 Yes , right , certainly . Here you go . 	Charles , have you finished your homework ? 
 Thanks . 	Is this the workshop to prepare for an interview ? 
 That ’ s true . But Americans work hard for their money like we do . I don ’ t know why our spending habits are so different . 	What do you think of his behaviour yesterday ? 
 Yes , my friend Steve . I'll introduce you . 	Table-tennis is our national game . 
 It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior . 	Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? 
 Just click on one of the choices they give you , and that ’ s it . 	Anything else ? 
 See you later . 	Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ? 
 Yes , sir . I ’ ll get them for you right away . Would you please sign this bill first ? Thank you , sir . 	Welcome to our show ! Today , I am going to show you how to make the perfect mouthwatering sandwich ! Are you ready ? Let ’ s get started ! 
 Well , maybe we'll go to ask Mr . Johnson . He has the final say . 	Do you even know where this bus is supposed to go ? 
 You are welcome . 	Good morning . 
 I have told you that I don ’ t need them any more . The thing that really annoys me is that you played dumb with me . 	Guess , what I ’ Ve bought for you . 
 Yes , we did . But I shall never fly again . 	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ? 
 Let ’ s have a try . 	Bill , how can you hear so happy today ? 
 I've tried to give up smoking several times , but it's no use . 	Well , we didn't ask for this room service.It must be somebody else's , I'm sure . 
 Oh , I hardly ever exercise . I usually just watch TV in my free time . I guess I'm a real couch potato ! 	Ten dollars ? Maybe there are a lot of them ... 
 No . I borrowed it to go shopping . 	What sort of things do you grow in your garden ? 
 thank you very much ! 	Hey , Sandy . Do you want to go to the ETV with us ? 
 Most people think so . 	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! 
 Yes , great ! 	hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ? 
 Why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ? 	Staying out all night , you frightened me to death . 
 It's a pleasure . Good night . Have a good sleep . 	I want to change my job . 
 There . Stop ! 	Whip me if I get below 80 marks out of 100 ! 
 You are welcome . 	Taxi ! 
 A double room for my wife and me , please . 	I have some photos here taken by myself . Would you like to see them ? 
 OK , by the way , fill the gas tank when you return the car . 	Do you like cooking ? 
 Well I ’ m definitely a team player as well as being highly self-motivated . I believe this company can fulfill my long-term goals and offer me great upward mobility . Therefore you will find in me 	Pardon me , but I was wondering if you could break a one . 
 That sounds great ! 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I know that generally it is possible to move from this position to a management position with two years experience in the company 	This skirt is too tight . I would like to return it please . Do I need to go to the customer's service desk ? 
 No probation is involved . 	Good morning . what can I do for you ? 
 Then I guess I'll just get a Snickers . 	Hi , I am so glad to see you . 
 I'll put the survey online this afternoon . 	You hoo , anybody here ? 
 OK . Just wait where you are . I'll send someone up to help you . 	Hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor . 
 Thank you very much . 	What do you think are the qualities a nurse should have ? 
 Goodbye . Thanks again for everything . 	Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things ? 
 Thanks . 	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 
 To the office . I'll be right back . 	Steven , I am ready for breakfast . 
 Yes . I went there once on a business trip . 	Bill , I have received the admission letter from Cambridge University ! 
 I ’ ll pay it as soon as possible . 	Can I help you ? 
 OK . 	Excuse me , sir , but you have to put your bags here before entering the market . 
 Thanks , Jeanine , you are a real pal . Let's go in . 	What do you do in your spare times ? 
 That's right.Thank you . 	What is your salary now ? 
 Why don't you go talk to her and find out what her secret was this year . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Thanks for the warning . 	Excuse me , please show me that business suit , the dark one . 
 Yes , that's possible . 	First National Bank . 
 Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him . 	When will we leave here ? 
 I'm sorry . I forgot to show it to you . Here it is . It comes with the pan . 	On , darn . The grocery store is closed . 
 There you go . 	What do you think of the coming match ? 
 Oh , no problem . 	I am so bored all day . 
 I hope not . We are getting closer .. two more ... one more ... it's our turn . 	Would you care to join for the picnic tomorrow ? 
 And that'll be 10:15 p . m . Taipei time . 	How many persons are there in your family ? 
 Yes , over there to your left . 	Bobby ! Come here , look what I got you ! 
 I can hardly believe it . 	we ’ Ve got a lot of work to do now , but take your time over this project . We don ’ t want to make any mistakes . 
 Ok , thank you . 	Doesn't she have any friends ? 
 Yes , I did . 	Study hard , otherwise you'll fail . 
 Is six o ’ clock okay ? 	What is your technical title ? 
 Thank you . 	Recycling is big business these days , isn't it ? 
 Please wake me up at 6 am . 	Yesterday I read hamlet.such a fantastic book ! 
 Great ! Phew ! That was a close one ! You had me going there for a minute I thought I was gonna have to slap some sense into you . 	Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter . 
 But your health is more important . Believe me ! 	We have a variety of trousers . Which one do you like best ? 
 Yeah , I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free . 	What does your mother do , may I ask ? 
 Their family is very similar to Cindy and Ron ’ s family . 	Good afternoon , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thank you , bye . 	What kind of job are you interested in ? 
 That would be easy . 	I called about that ad we saw in the paper . 
 It's on the third floor . Turn left when you get off the escalator . 	Wow ! What ’ s the hold up ? 
 Do you mean it ? I'd love to ! 	It looks like our company trip will have to be canceled because of the typhoon . 
 Oh . I just can ’ t forget it . 	Hi , sir . Could you tell me where the Hilton Hotel is ? 
 I hope so , too . 	It is quite important to be a good listener in the interview . 
 I left after the opening dance . I couldn't wait to get out of there . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Oh , I'm shocked . 	Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don't you just sit and watch ? 
 I know ... 	Does your wife work ? 
 Yes . Please help me reserve it . 	Good morning , sir . Have you reserved ? 
 Well , I've always wanted to see Vancouver . I've heard it has the most beautiful views . 	Yeah , but you guys don't stay with the same classmates all day , right ? 
 Yes , what's more , your company is one of the largest and best trading companies in this line of business . 	Good morning , how have you been doing ? 
 I want justice . 	You didn't ring me last night . You said you would . 
 Okay . See you then . 	I've come to say good-bye . 
 I'll be expecting you then . 	My goodness ! She is thirty seconds faster than the world record in 5000 metres race . 
 That's right . The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more . It's stop is round the corner . 	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere . 
 I think it leaves at two thirty . 	Have you a wine list ? 
 that'd be great . I'll see you then ! 	Could I ask some questions regarding to the social benefits ? 
 You , too . 	Excuse me , what material is it ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time ! 
 Dear Mom , please permit of superman's naughty . 	Mom , will you tuck me in tonight ? 
 I'm not too scared . But I've done sky diving before . 	Two burgers , please . 
 Yeah , why not ? I ’ Ve got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ? 	This is our best product . 
 Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it . 	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem . 
 OK . We will e-mail you all the information you need tomorrow . Have a good day ! 	Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ? 
 Pretty well , I think . 	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas . 
 It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow . 	Did your company go union ? I heard that many companies in out industry are being unionized , so It's getting harder and harder to compete on a level playing field . 
 There's some professionals for both flower arrangement and tea ceremony . So you need to go to a school , yes , and learn from your teacher and their hierarchy and the organization and you need to pass each test to go , climb up the ladder in the hierarchy . 	Could you help me with these books ? 
 That's good , I'm usually more comfortable in bigger families . 	Oh , Sam ! Is this your dog ? 
 He may be injured . Yes , come on , call the team doctor . 	Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song . 
 Toss a coin to decide then . 	Are you going to vote ? 
 Don't mention it . Just a little thing I did . 	Robin , what are you going to do tomorrow ? 
 Year ! They are unreliable sometimes . 	Good afternoon , Lincoln Corporate Services . Lina speaking , how may I help ? 
 Thanks ! 	I'll come see you tomorrow . 
 That's my buffer ... I wanted to leave a little room in the budget , just in case---it's better to be safe than sorry . 	That looks graceful on you . 
 Yes , I'm used to being on my own . 	Jenny , Can you come and help me ? 
 Sorry about that . 	Hello sir , how can I help you ? 
 You really have a bid head , don't you ! 	Mr . Li , the report has been finished . 
 Thank you . 	They promised us a sea view . 
 OK , thank you . 	My brother started investing money when he was 16 years old . 
 Sure . No problem . 	Hi , Nicole . Did you have a good weekend ? 
 I can ’ t I'm afraid . I've got another meeting scheduled for 2:30 p . m . 	Thank you very much for your invitation . 
 See you in the court . 	Oh , well . It was fun to be the winner . But ... it's too big . I must be an extra small in the States . 
 I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile . 	Mmm ... it is delicious . 
 You were right , Mr . Tim . Your colleagues do want know all about it . 	Let's go to the cinema by bus . 
 See you . 	Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business ! 
 I have no idea . Maybe she didn ’ t want to let us ... , so ... 	Paul , let's go and see Grandpa this afternoon . 
 Happy to know you , Tim . 	I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted . 
 I ’ d expected it to be much more exciting . 	What a great weekend that was ! 
 Well , their inventors were not as clever as Bill Gates . 	This is IBA Bank , Claire speaking , how may I help you ? 
 I see . Thank you . 	Jack , I hear you got promoted.Is that true ? 
 That's exactly why I decided to quit the job and find a new one . 	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ? 
 Well , take care of yourself . And hope you will be better as soon as possible . 	What are you doing ? 
 Yes . Let me help you . 	Ah , Michelle , hi . I was hoping to see you . How have you been ? How's the family ? 
 See you then . 	What are the good sights to see in Beijing ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Hi , I'm Benjamin . Nice to meet you here . You look great . 
 I've got to catch the last bus . See you later . 	What arrangement will you make about payment ? 
 That's crazy . 	You say he was around average height . 
 You're welcome . I hope all of you will have a good time here . 	Hmm . You have three cameras . Are you a photographer ? 
 I will . See you later . 	That price of ours , by the way , is for a minimum quantity of 1,000 saddles . 
 But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 No , I don ’ t really like it . It ’ s boring . 	It's my wife's birthday . I need to buy some flowers for her . 
 I'm sorry , sir . Let me transfer you to my supervisor . 	Hello , Mr . Wang . I am glad to meet you here at the fair . 
 I ’ m be right behind ya ! 	Congratulations on the new house ! 
 I am willing to negotiate , but I expect at least $ 40,000 a year . 	I hear you are moving to Dalian . 
 A holiday , I hope ! No , really , we are looking into some courses on motivational techniques . We'll add them to the list when we choose a lecturer . 	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing . 
 That's great , see you at seven . 	Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life ! 
 Thank you for encouraging me . There are problems cropping up here and there . But I will over come them one by one . 	Why aren't you going out ? 
 Oh , you're welcome . 	Can I help you in any way ? 
 I think TV is a great waste of time , so I would only have one small TV in the kitchen to watch the news in the morning . 	So , Emily , how was your day ? 
 Good , just make sure that you do the same thing if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck ! 	Have you enjoyed your weekend ? 
 Can I have a black one over there ? 	Did you ever get a parking ticket ? 
 Perfect ! Please add on an order of onion rings . 	Mom ! ? ? ? 
 For example ? 	I was trying to find the class on preparing for interviews . 
 The flight number is 301 at Gate Two . 	We can't wait any longer ... 
 I can't dance to it . And I know you can't either . Because I've seen you try . 	I'm glad these batteries are on sale . 
 Ok then , I ’ ll follow you . 	Kate , you never believe what's happened . 
 Well , considering your qualifications , we believe you would be a suitable candidate . 	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ? 
 You can take it in a couple weeks . 	Would you please make a skirt for me with this material please ? 
 Poor Ben , your wife is too mean to you . She gives you so little money every time when you are out . 	What are you doing this weekend ? 
 Oh , I hope it be fixed on Friday . 	What's on Channel 12 at 8: 00 ? 
 That's good . 	Is there anything I can dor you ? 
 Thanks a lot 	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job . 
 Well , honey . Turn off the light , lie down and go to sleep . 	They are professors and government officials . 
 that ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ? 	You know what , last night I almost got hit by a vase falling from the third floor . 
 It's ten thirty . 	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ? 
 Can you call back later ? We're right in the middle of lunch . 	I would like to order cable . 
 Oh thanks for inviting me . I'd love to come . 	What are you doing , Victor ? 
 $ 2 . 	Are you an art aficionado ? 
 Thank you . 	did you go to university ? 
 Thanks . Have a good one . 	How will you spend this lovely weekend ? 
 Yeah . Thanks . And have fun ! 	Good morning , can I help you ? 
 Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name . 	Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? 
 Yes , I guess I should try to use it . 	Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ? 
 I almost can't live without messages , from which I learn about weather forecasts and stock quotations . 	Good morning , Mr Wang . 
 Maybe you ’ re right . 	Thank you for coming . 
 I think so . 	This city is far too polluted . We should do something about it . 
 I will . 	Are you ok ? You seem a bit anxious . 
 Ok , thank you . 	What are you calling about today ? 
 Well , my pants are very slimming . They're capris . 	I ’ d like to open a savings account . Can you tell me how to do it ? 
 Thank you for coming . We will have dinner outside . Eat up ! 	I don't like this movie . It's a bomb . 
 Not at all . 	Open your suitcase please . 
 Let me know if that doesn't work . 	Good morning . SRC international . How may I help you ? 
 No , I don't , but I like pizza . 	Come on ! It's time to go ! 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 She takes classes in accounting and business . 	My eyes water continuously . Why ? 
 Mike , don't even think about it ! 	Our company's wei-ya is tomorrow night ! It's your first Chinese New Year in Taiwan--you must be excited ! 
 Goodbye ! 	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? 
 You're welcome . 	Good morning . Can I help you ? 
 Glad to hear your voice , David . 	Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? 
 You're quite welcome . 	Rachel ? This is John Emory speaking . 
 I'm already dialing , sir . 	It's time for desserts ! Are you still hungry ? 
 It's ultra-compact , it has a brushed , titanium metal body and a rubber shock-proof , weather-proof case with a belt clip . 	Happy birthday ! This is for you , Kate . 
 Yes . Of course . But what good will it do ? That man's miles away from here by now . In our car . 	I can't find proper parking space . 
 No problem . 	I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose . 
 It was a pleasure . 	Good morning . Mrs.Smith . 
 13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on . 	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ? 
 Well , I don't know , but we can find out . We can talk to him and ask if he wants to join our group . 	I'll tell you something that's good about action movies . The special effects are great ! 
 Not at all ! That explains everything ! 	A Westerner said to his Chinese friend . “ Chinese people slurp when drinking soup . It ’ s disgusting . ” The Chinese friend replied , “ Westerners make a lot of noise licking their fingers when eating . It ’ s even worse . ” 
 I can't believe they would play so good . 	My wife's birthday is today . I need some flowers . 
 Thank you . 	Good afternoon Miss , would you be interested in buying more life insurance ? You know , you can never get enough . 
 Yes , and they didn't get my order right either . 	I haven ’ t met Bob for years . How is he ? 
 Yeah ... you ’ re right . I really should stop smoking . 	Oh , Ralph , I heard it is very dangerous traveling in space . Disasters have happened before . If the spaceship were out of order . . . 
 Nothing is to your satisfaction . 	How ’ s your trip going ? 
 Mommy , dinner , please ! 	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight . 
 I have to support my parents who are advanced in age , so I'd like to commence at HAD 2,500 a month . 	Are you interested in history ? 
 Um , yes , sometimes . Sometimes . 	How much can I change 100 dollars for ? 
 Sounds cool ! But that is not what a lady should do . People are easy to lose head in a night club and being drunk . 	Does she make any sense to you ? 
 Let me know if you do need anything . 	About my driving test , did I do well ? 
 oh , we ’ d like the buffet please . We ’ Ve heard it ’ s very good . 	Ashley , what a great dinner party ! 
 We have a lot of Chinese restaurants in America . 	Are you Elvin ? 
 Yeah , maybe . 	Ah ! No ! Damn it ! 
 All right . Do what you can do now instead of twiddling your thumbs . 	What is the matter with him ? 
 Thanks , I ’ ll give them a call later . 	I think I'm going to go to the market today . 
 See you . 	Hi , Tom . You forgot to put on your sports shoes ! It's Games Day today ! 
 I can ’ t wait to vote . 	May I borrow your typewriter ? 
 I ’ ll just have to wait for UCLA . 	Everyone wants to be financial lose kill . You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich . I ’ m thinking about buying stocks . It can be a good investment if I can manage well . What do you say ? 
 Oh , great idea ! 	I left a suitcase on the train to London the other day . 
 Oh ! It means that I'm going to take only a few clothes , so I didn't have to carry a heavy suitcase . 	I'm glad I brought my jacket on this trip . 
 Don't count on it . 	I am here to tell you that the clothes are very much to taste of our market and the customers are quite satisfied with the excellent quality . 
 The same to you . Keep in touch . 	Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? 
 Yes . They have a good reputation for their tenacity and discipline , especially in vital , decisive encounters . 	I'm starving . Let's get something to eat . 
 Oh . I see . I would like to have mashed potatoes and chocolate pudding . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes , you'll be in a different world there . 	It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck . 
 They don't mind . 	David , recently I established a travelling forum , and now I want to make a plan to hold the first activity . Where can we go for this time ? 
 In fifties please . 	Hello ! 
 As soon as you can get here . We'll be waiting for you . 	You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith . 
 I'd strongly recommend that you wait for a while before going swimming . 	Tom , you look thoughtful and unhappy recently . What's wrong with you ? 
 David , stop dreaming . It ’ s time to do your homework . 	I have some good news for you . We've decided we'd like to send you to Shanghai on a business trip this weekend . 
 It depends . So you must be careful buying second-hand goods . 	Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six . 
 That sounds ideal . 	It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ? 
 But I don ’ t like big strong dogs . 	When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery ? 
 Coing out for a walk . 	What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? 
 Perfect . Thanks ! 	Well , it was nice talking to you . 
 The flight only takes an hour and a half . It arrives at eight o'clock . 	All the food smells tasty today and makes my mouth water . 
 I'd better take more dollars with me . It seems that I need to borrow some from my friends . 	I hope the host team loses . 
 Don't worry about that.We have experience . 	Have you met Professor Smith ? 
 That's great . 	Could I speak to the apartment manager ? 
 Some of the scenes moved me into tears . 	I ’ m sorry , dad . But you can ’ t do that . It ’ s for me to decide . 
 No . 	Hi , Jack , we are having a party tonight , wanna coming enjoy us ? You can bring your girlfriend , Tina . 
 exactly . 	May I speak to Mr . Baker ? 
 Really ? Good for you . 	So , this is the worst story I ’ Ve heard this month . You have my real sympathy , Tim . 
 Perhaps I'll agree with Mike . I couldn't stand a big wedding with many relatives and friends of my parents or my wife whom I'd never met before . 	Can I help you ? 
 You're welcome . We wish you a speedy recovery.Goodbye . 	Why have you decided to change jobs ? 
 Fine . Give me the ticket . 	Tom , Christmas Day is coming . Merry Christmas to you . 
 Thanks . 	That girl looks very attractive , doesn ’ t she ? 
 That's wonderful news , thanks for all your help . 	Oh , no ! I ’ Ve been assigned to work with Jerry for our group project . 
 I'll make sure and make it to the next one . 	Hello , this is my claim tag . Can I get my baggage ? 
 I'd like to , but I'm not sure if I'll have enough money . 	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ? 
 Don't mention it , Larry . What are friends for anyway ? 	Hi Amanda , how are you ? I've missed working with you and the whole gang since my transfer last week . 
 Of course , you can . 	It is reported that the temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight . 
 That's all right 	I have never experienced a roller coaster . I want you to sit beside me . 
 Uh , are you sure about that ? I thought espresso was an Italian word . 	I really should be on my way . 
 I know that . But that has nothing to do with being unlucky . Those who created the virus are deliberately making fun of people . 	Did you hear what happened in the Scott case ? Some of the sensitive material were leaked to the press . Now every newspapers is all over it . 
 Oh , yes . 	What are in this folder ? 
 Okay , I won't forget . 	Do you know how to go to the Fragrant Hills in Beijing ? I heard that they are very famous in China . 
 You ’ re right . Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight . I ’ ll keep you informed . 	This is how a holiday should be . Relaxing on the beach with a nice cool drink . 
 Some are genuine . But all our reproductions are clearly marked and priced . 	My disposable contact lenses . They're great for camping ! 
 Alright , I ’ ll buy this one . 	Would you like to rent the house ? 
 Sounds good . 	Can you go to the store for me ? 
 Oh , right . My geography isn't very good ! 	Have some more tea , George . 
 Yes , sure . Have a sweet dream ! 	What ’ s up ? 
 Take it easy . They will get caught . 	Well , Miss Li , it's time for us to say good-bye to each other . 
 That sounds interesting . 	How did you do that ? 
 I'm sure your wife will love them . 	You really look familiar . 
 Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong . 	Okay , show me your card hand . Here's mine . I have three Kings and a pair of Aces . 
 Oh , the smelly bean curd . My favorite ! 	Two people were robbed last night near the park . 
 Yes , I really don't like it . 	Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room . 
 First I was late for school this morning , and now I broke your vase . This isn't my day ! 	Good evening . What'll you have ? 
 Nothing else , thank you . 	Do bullfights interest you much ? 
 I'll be there on time . 	You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you.Do you understand ? 
 Over there . 	Hello , Tom . How do you find the dinner of yesterday ? 
 You're right . 	Are there any beds vacant ? 
 What were you screaming at me for ? 	Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ? 
 As long as you have all of the documentation we require you have nothing to worry about . 	Good afternoon , ladies . May I help you ? 
 Sorry , I won't . I'll be working against the clock to finish my presentation . 	How's the bride-to-be ? 
 I disagree with you . Companies usually make a workable and reasonable plan for the trainings , so as to improve new comers ' understanding of the company and its rules in short time . Through the training , we get to know many things , such as the corporate culture and spirit . Our newcomers can really grasp the essence of the company 	Excuse me , can I order now , please ? 
 Sure . 	What ’ s wrong with it ? 
 I'll make a report for you and please claim this to the insurance company with this report . 	Good evening , do you have a reservation ? 
 Tsinghua University . 	It looks to be a nice day today . 
 I see . I think I ’ d agree with that statement . People often seem to make the same mistakes over and over again . 	Good morning ! 
 Oh , sure . It's very stuffy in here . 	Hello , there . What can we do for you today ? 
 It is still a mystery to me . 	How much did you bid ? 
 that ’ s pretty much how you feel about your step-mother . Like grandmother , like grandson . 	Can you tell me what the date and time of our field trip is ? 
 I guess I'm glad exams are over . 	I am so busy today . 
 Wait a moment . Here is $ 10 you paid for duties . 	Hello , Grace . That's a beautiful skirt you have on . Where are you going ? 
 It all sounds exquisite ! I can ' t wait ! 	Come in , young man . 
 I remember someone spiked my punch . You sat with me in the girl's bathroom ... 	Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool . 
 Which train is that ? Which platform does it leave from ? 	Did you go to the concert last weekend ? 
 That ’ s fabulous . Thank you very much . 	I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you . 
 By the end of this month , at the latest . 	OK , Dead Man . If this doesn't start your engine , nothing will . 
 Wonderful ! 	I'll have to go now . 
 You're so good with people . I think they will like you ! 	Hello . I want to purchase an old music box . 
 Let me get the manager to sign one for you . 	Happy Mother's Day , Mom ! 
 Aha , Aha ... 	It's a lovely day out today , isn't it ? 
 I don't know the reason . 	Steven , would you like to go dance with us tonight ? 
 Yes , please do that . 	Have you figured out where you want to transfer to ? 
 Fine , I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday . 	Did you get any rewards or honors in college ? 
 Good night . 	Hey , there's Leo . I wonder why he's walking arm in arm with that young woman . 
 Eat less and exercise more . Do not eat too much sweet food . 	I'm so sorry about your brother , Mr . Wang . 
 Thanks for everything . 	Is there any way of ensuring we'll have enough time for our talks ? 
 13924774026 . All right . Thanks for calling . Oh , hang on , someone's at the door that may be him , please hold on . 	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . 
 Robert . Philips Robert . 	Can you believe the headlines ? 
 Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful . 	It's not good for business recently . 
 Ha ! Ha ! If you don't make an effort now , later on it'll be a lot tougher for you . 	Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful . 
 Thank you . The porter will show you to your room 	What do you feel your greatest achievement has been at your current job ? 
 My pleasure . 	What would you say if I told you I was going to quit school ? 
 Yes , the mass media has wider influence . One of my classmates works in an advertisement company . I can get help and inspiration from him . And we can also try some less expensive approaches of advertising , such as on-line sales . Personally , I prefer to the on-line sales , for it is cheaper , faster and wider . 	Nick ! How ’ s it going ? 
 I can't figure out which dress to wear . 	Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia ? 
 Forget it . It was an accident . 	Are you having a good time ? 
 They're still fighting hard . Let's wait and see . 	Good morning , sir , where are you going ? 
 Fine today , though a bit under the weather last week . 	I'll be late because I have waited so long ! 
 Thanks honey ! You have such great fashion sense . Now , what am I going to do with my hair ? 	Hello , is that Mason's builders ? 
 All right , Mr . Cook . I'll have Mr . Baker call you back as soon as he gets here . 	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at the university here ? 
 You're quite welcome . Thank you for calling . Bye-byeB 	I think you're being a little naive . 
 Remember last month when we were in Europe ? Maybe Californians use that same system they add the waiter or waitress into the bill , so you don ’ t have to leave anything extra . 	Good day ! What can we do for you ? 
 Noirin , N-O-I-R-I-N , it's an Irish name . 	But you should be considerate to the kids , it ’ s their nature to play . 
 Yes , no problem . It'll be ready by 2 p . m . 	I would like to order a suit made to my own measure . 
 Thank you so much . 	The world changes , the family changes too . 
 No , usually they're very busy . 	I have a complaint to make . I've just been badly treated by a rude maid . 
 Get ready for the best meal of your life ! 	Your tie is handsome . 
 Very good . We will discuss the matter again at the next Fair . 	Hi . What's up ? 
 All right . See you tomorrow . 	I'm worried sick that she might leave me one day . 
 Nice to meet you too , Mr . Zhang . 	Would it be all right if I went home next weekend ? 
 I don't know . The produce person can tell you , though . 	It was very kind of you to give me a tour of the place . It gave me a good idea of your product range . 
 No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that . 	You ’ re all set to leave . 
 That's a good idea . I think I'll join you . 	Isn ’ t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food ! 
 I see , thank you . 	Can I help you sir , what do you need ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	I'm really confused , Zina . Will you explain all this to me ? 
 So everybody's getting video mail . 	What musical instrument do you play ? 
 That's just over there . On the right . 	Welcome to Youth Travel Agency . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Not a problem , Sir . Please fill in this exchange form and show me your passport . 	Welcome to China , Mr . White . 
 Of course . The website is ' www . zhilian - zhaopin . com . CN ' . 	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ? 
 So tricky ! 	How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight ? 
 Okay . That will be thirty-four dollars and fifty cents . 	Mr . Smith , how was your flight ? 
 Thanks very much . 	May I please speak to Tom ? 
 Take a look at this dress . Don't you think it's perfect for you , ma'am ? Uh , where are you going , ma'am ? Ma'am ? 	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ? 
 Mr.Smith has changed his job . 	Welcome to our factory . 
 that's not a problem . Have a nap if you can . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this business trip . 	So , where can I start my work ? 
 Thank you . But I ’ m not interested . 	What does she do ? 
 Yeah , I think I will . 	What would you like to eat ? 
 Thank you for your kindness . I will think about it carefully . 	This blouse is a special offer today . You can have it at 10 % off the regular price . 
 Not at all . 	Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ? 
 All right . 	How can I get my driver's license ? 
 They are well known for high quality , that ’ s why . 	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ? 
 I ’ m on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ? 	Did you do anything fun over the weekend ? 
 No , sir . I'm sorry you can't . 	What are the most popular sports in your country ? 
 That ’ s fantastic ! You really got me there . 	Could you arrange an appointment with Mr . Smith ? 
 That's a problem . 	Good evening , Mr . Frank . Bourbon on the rocks ? 
 There's the difference , your wife made it ! I have to make my own lunch ! 	OK class , so today we are going to continue with our anatomy class , today we will review everything we have learned . Can anyone tell me what the first major organ is ? 
 Thanks . I ’ m proud of myself , too . 	Do you have any plan on your mind ? 
 Thank you . Good-bye . 	Do you have any certificates on computer ? 
 Understanding comes from product differentiation.We get that through product demonstration , literature , expert testimonials , and the like . 	What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? 
 Oh , sorry ! I forgot you get queasy with the sight of blood . I'll be right there . 	I think Andy's party will be fun . 
 Don't worry about that , Dave . Look , I have to see Vince now . Think about what I said . 	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ? 
 I'm from Madras . 	Come on , darling . We haven't got much time . 
 Sure . Thanks . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Well I hate to tell you this Jen , but both of William's grandmothers passed away more than five years ago . 	Good morning sir , I come to fetch me suit . 
 I'd love to . 	Would you like to make a donation ? 
 I want to think of it for some time . 	Good evening . Welcome to our restaurant . 
 OK . 	Who broke the glass , Peter ? 
 We've got a beautiful two - double room with a bath an shower . 	you look better today . How did your test go ? 
 Well , that's a relief . 	Mom , why do chinese people like to touch my head ? sometimes they even touch my cheeks . 
 Yes , there is . See you then . 	This is a very spacious apartment . It's forty pings , including the parking space . That's about one thousand four hundred square feet . 
 Yes , please . Please print your name and company name , and the person you are going to see . 	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ? 
 I'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose . I'll be right back . 	I am so worried about this English contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now ! 
 Thank you , Mr . Jackson , ladies and gentlemen , colleagues , friends . The subject of my talk is international relations in a morgen world . I plan to say a few words about the current situation in the Middle East and how it affects world economy . I'd like to give you an overview of the way that the economies of seemingly unrelated countries are intertwined . I've divided my talk into three parts , first an overview of international relations , second a discussion of current political situations , and lastly trends for the future . My presentation will take about two hours , but there will be a twenty-minute break in the middle . We'll stop for lunch at 12 . 	I finally went out to dinner with him last night . 
 Oh , sure . Credit card is fine . 	It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot ! 
 Maybe it can take effect . 	Could I order dinner ? 
 I'll be glad to do it . 	Hello , ABC Company . Can I help you ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Waitress ! My bill for today's lunch , please . 
 Ok then . See you next weekend . 	Watch out ! You'll hit that car if you're not careful . 
 I'm sorry . I've been having some problems . 	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ? 
 I ’ ll hire you anyway . 	Can I get you any dessert ? 
 Yes , it's so helpful . 	Hello , I hope to get a room for the night . 
 OK , let's go . 	Hi , Sue . What's up ? 
 I think we can handle that . Let me confirm with my boss and touch base with you again tomorrow . 	Wow , it has a balcony . 
 I ... I ... 	Which team won ? 
 Sure . 	I can't believe the boss was absent from today's meeting . 
 OK . Would you like me to get you a cab ? 	Hello , what can I do for you ? 
 It was not in the past . But from 2008 , we can enjoy a three-day holiday for this festival . 	Tyler residence . 
 This afternoon . 	The sun is shining . 
 I ’ m sold ! I want to book this trip . I don ’ t care what it costs ! Money is no object ! 	Do you use an anti-virus program to protect your computer ? 
 There really isn ’ t anything else to do right now except wait . You are already pre-qualified for your loan . 	What is the correct time , please ? 
 See you later ! Drive carefully . 	I am sorry . I ’ Ve left my disk at home . 
 I couldn't have asked for more . 	May I help you at all ? 
 You should go to the counter , just over there . 	Mr . Johnson , there's something I'd like to talk over with you . Would sometime this week be convenient for you ? 
 Bye ! 	We ’ re going to need a lot of new stuff after the holidays . Let ’ s make a list . 
 Whatever you say . 	What are your plans for this weekend ? 
 Janice , David , come here . We take some photos here . I can't imagine how beautiful it is ! 	I'm feeling down . 
 Oh , I've heard a lot about the Chinese herbal medicine . I believe it will work . 	Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ? 
 Yeah . He's a private eye now . 	Hello , this is United Airlines . 
 Out of the frying pan and into the fire . 	Have you a bus tour round the city ? 
 Really ? Well , I guess I have to get used to it . 	It's nice and bright today , isn't it ? 
 That's good , thank you . 	I am interested in buying a house and need some information . 
 Um yeah.Sorry about that . 	Could you cover for me on Tuesday ? I'm not coming back until Wednesday . 
 Everything that you need for a successful job search is here . Happy job searching ! 	I can't go to your party . 
 Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now , you ’ ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start . 	Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry . 
 I'll have to sleep on it . 	Hello , this is Dr Cook's clinic.May I speak to Mr.Smith ? 
 Pardon ? I can hardly hear you . I will call you later . 	Good morning.sir.My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application . 
 There's a bookstore just across the street . 	Hello . What can we do for you today ? 
 Fine ! Get the stupid thirty dollar crayon ! 	Excuse me , Don ? I hate to bother you , but I need your help on something . Do you have time to brief me on the Martin account today ? 
 Hmm ... I think I am ready for a new challenge . I've put a good team together at my present company , and I think If I want to take the next step in my career , it's time for me to move on . 	Hi , Lucy , you are very popular with people around you , what are your tricks ? 
 Basketball and swimming . 	I am looking for a pan . 
 To hell with you . 	I wonder if you agree that money is not happiness . 
 OK , sir . We are looking forward to your arrival . 	I wonder if we can change to Channel 26 . 
 I get on well with others . 	So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts ? 
 You are welcome . 	Excuse me , can you tell me where central Park Street is ? 
 I cannot have the heart to do that . 	Hello , so how are we feeling today ? 
 Well , if it breaks down again tomorrow , I'll definitely buy a new one . 	What's that ? 
 Fine . As well , would you mind if I asked to see the Loyd's surveyor report of your products ? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis . 	Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . 
 No problem . 	Happy birthday , John . Many happy returns of the day ! 
 Is that right ? Wonderful , wonderful . I've been in King Dao for two years now . A great place . Nice people and great beer ! Well , I guess we ’ d better get started . 	Good morning , sir . I am ready to check out now . 
 Sure , I'll be back in a minute . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 That will be six dollars . Out of ten-seven , eight , nine , ten . Thank you . 	not a single email until now ? it's already twelve o'clock . I can't believe it ! 
 Good . Now you can pick classes by yourself . 	Do you need help with something ? 
 You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit . 	Is English acceptable for you ? 
 Definitely , I ’ m really sorry . 	Do you have laundry service ? 
 No , we got no receipt , but we paid on the spot . 	Slow down ! You can't exceed the speed limits . 
 No , thanks . 	What's the date today Mr.Brown ? I don't have a calendar . 
 There must be something wrong with her . 	Excuse me , but are you Mr . Smith from Britain ? 
 I know that starting reporters work many hours . I'm very willing to take on the challenge . 	Will you sit down , Mr . White ? 
 Eighty-five ? That's the best you can do ? I'll come back later ... 	Well , I ’ d like to have my coat to order.Will you take my measurements ? 
 OK , please wait for a moment . 	Well , Yuri , tell me about it . 
 I hope so . 	Good morning , sir.Can I help you ? 
 I think I can accept that . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Good night . See you tomorrow . 	This website offers very convenient air tickets booking service . It is quick and accurate . 
 I know , but I forgot to go to the bathroom before we left . 	You say he was around average hight . 
 Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ? 	Have you taken the written test yet ? 
 Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them . 	It's so earlier this morning , Mr . Li ! You just came back yesterday , you should have rest much more . 
 Oh . I'm just going to take it easy . 	Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers ? 
 It was nice to see you , too.And please give my regards to Mrs.Robbins . 	What time do you have ? 
 I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways . 	How do you do , Mr . Johnson ? I'm Thomas . 
 Everything is right here . If that's all in order , just let me know where I sign . 	This is the last of the milk . 
 Inspiration can come in the strangest ways ... 	I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ? 
 Wow , that is cheap . Thank you very much . 	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ? 
 Well , I will try . 	Is your website address ' www . zhilian . com . CN ' ? 
 I would like that . 	Yo , G.How are you getting along with your classmates in the English training school ? 
 Of course . 	John has some trouble in his life . 
 Let me see . 	It ’ s freezing in here ! Can I turn up the heat ? 
 No . I have only personal effects . 	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ? 
 Let's take another look at it for those of you who don't understand . 	Have you finished your work ? 
 That's wonderful . 	Hello , May I help you ? 
 OK . I ’ ll make enquiries . 	I can ’ t believe the cost of apartments in New York City . 
 Thank you ! 	Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ? 
 It's a good day for a picnic . 	Are you going to the annual party ? I can give you a ride if you need one . 
 Yes . You'll get a picture of Serena playing with the racket and a document from her . 	Waiter , we'd like a menu first , please . 
 Then you will be in line for a doom . 	Let's take a coffee break . 
 Sounds fine . 	I found it at a garage sale once . 
 He didn't even make it out the door . 	Show me a smaller pair of trousers , sir . I am not that fat , you see . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	What part did you get in the play this time ? 
 Certainly . 	How do you do ? 
 Sure , let's go . 	Excuse me . Miss , what does the doctor say about me ? When can I be discharged ? 
 That's good . 	Melissa ? I ’ d like to invite you to my wife ’ s birthday party . 
 Well , I don ’ t mean to boast but all the designs are done by myself and some colleagues are already trying to copy some of them for their new apartments . Look , they are making photos now of my designed kitchen . 	Did you like the party ? 
 That ’ s your opinion not mine . 	Hello , Tony . Fancy meeting you here . How are things going with you ? 
 That's Lincoln . 	Hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it . 
 These guys are professional . I think they can have it done tomorrow . Let's ask . 	Have you had any medical experience in any hospital before coming here ? 
 Mr . : As soon as the bell rings after the morning announcement . 	It smells like an ashtray in here ! 
 If you aren ’ t there , we will use our master key to get in and check things out . 	Hi , Cindy . I thought I ’ d missed you . 
 Early in the New Year I guess . 	I've brought some potato chips . Would you like some , Jack ? 
 Yummy ! Yummy ! Eat more ! 	I have a reservation for a single with a bath . 
 That'll be $ 200 , sir . 	I don't understand why I'm being arrested . 
 I see . Thanks . 	You know , you really ought to get a new pair of jeans . Those are falling to pieces . 
 I'll make it up to you . Let me know how much it costs and I'll give you the money . 	Telco Mobile , how can I help you ? 
 Well , if there is no damage , you can return it . 	Hello , My name is Candy Brown . May I have your name ? 
 I think you'll enjoy the food . 	I ran into a glass door yesterday . 
 Good . I totally agree with what you did . 	May I speak to the apartment building manager , please ? 
 You were ? 	Good morning . SRC international . How may I help you ? 
 Nice to meet you , too . 	Do I often have to work overtime ? 
 Yes , I have . They do an excellent job . 	Hello , Tom , are you free next Sunday ? 
 That's terrific . Thank you . 	I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job . 
 Thank you for making a reservation with us . We look forward to seeing you in April ! 	Kenvir ? Hi , it's Alice . I'm very sorry that I have a big favor to ask you again . 
 You seem to have it down . Have a good day ! 	Hello , Mrs Turnbull . How are you ? 
 I'll be waiting . 	What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday ? 
 Not bad , thanks . 	Welcome ! Sophia told us you were coming ! 
 Two . 	I really should be on my way . 
 Don't worry . 	Just remember . The main thing right now is to make sure Stars.com is happy . 
 But I find Japanese ones better . 	Why aren't you doing well in the class ? 
 Sure . 	Good morning ! What can I do for you ? 
 I trust that he will take good care of our country . 	Professor , I am going to need to leave class early today . 
 Yes . In fact , one of the categories is on foreign language films . 	How much is your last salary ? 
 OK , you win . You pick the restaurant this time . 	I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning . 
 It seems to me that you always do better than you say . 	Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question ? 
 It's a good thing you can speak English ! 	Loans Department , how can I help you ? 
 That's the point . 	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ... 
 Ok . That sounds like a deal . 	Can you effect shipment during September ? 
 So-So . 	Can I help you ? 
 I will start my work at the beginning of next month . 	What do you like to do in your spare time ? 
 I think I do . I don't think I can be happier with another girl . 	Good morning , sir , Can I help you ? 
 Good . Thank you very much . 	what do you do when you see a homeless person on the streets begging for money ? 
 I think it ’ s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ’ t need to last more than five or ten years at most . 	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren . 
 There are so many places around . Take a look at the advertisement . 	The woman was beaten again . Why didn ’ t she call the police . 
 Sure . I'd be very glad to be your tour guide . 	Betty and I will throw a dinner party this weekend , we ’ d like you to come . 
 Of course . Just a minute ; I ’ ll get her . 	My boss wore a real stupid tie to work today . Can you guess why ? 
 Well , we can't break tradition ! It's bad luck ! 	Mike ! What's going on , man ! Long time no see ! 
 Yes , please . 	I hear that Tom got divorced , and I don ’ t know how he is now . 
 No , you can return it to any branch of our company . 	Bill , where are we going to stay tonight ? 
 I think it is a smart idea . Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives . 	Which route are you interested in ? 
 I see . 	You seem to be very tired . 
 OK . Wish me luck ! 	What's happening in your life ? 
 It's my pleasure ! 	Do you take in students ? 
 Really ? 	Well , here is your breakfast ! 
 It looks like you could use it . Don ’ t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again . 	The Canada Day is on the 1st of July . 
 I ’ Ve had a lot worse problems than this traveling so it ’ s really no big deal . 	The concert was really great . 
 See , I helped you out . 	Hi , I ’ m Ray , your tenant in Room 209 . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Do you think I should buy this now and bring it with us ? 
 Of course ! It's the most wonderful natural works . 	Good afternoon , Felix Wassermann Associates . Lawson speaking , how can I help you ? 
 Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear . 	Were you engaged in any activities at college ? 
 I'm tired . I need a rest . 	What do you think of your teacher ? 
 Thanks . 	Good morning . sir . How may I serve you today ? 
 Yeah , maybe . Thanks , anyway . Hope you guys have a great time ! 	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ? 
 Yes . I hope it will remain fine all the way . 	You ’ ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married ! 
 Because there is a coupon for almost every product , we always bring coupons on our shopping trips . 	Morning . May I help you ? 
 I'm sorry . I thought you wouldn't mind . 	There are advertisements everywhere here in hong kong . The city is so bright at night , with all the neon signs . 
 The amount of English I know enables me to do general desk work . I believe the amount of English I know is sufficient to work in a South Korea firm . 	What do you think of this flat ? 
 Yes , most of them . We trained on a dummy system last month . A couple of people were away so we've organised two more training sessions on the live system for the whole team this week . 	There's going to be a highway here . 
 OK . 	Toronto is really a lovely place to visit . 
 You know , I am a waitress at the student center . Anyway now those final exams are almost over . I ’ d love a night out . 	How much for the bus ride ? 
 Nine is a great time to get started . I'll see you on Saturday ! 	What are you doing ? 
 You don ’ t like the dog ? I promise I will never bring it with me ! 	What did the boss say ? 
 The trust game was your favorite , huh ? My favorite part was the personality tests . I think to know more about what kind of personality type you are will tell you a lot about how you can fit into a team.Also , when you know the personality strengths of your colleagues , it helps you understand them better . 	My elder aunt feels like vomiting , she is pregnant . 
 I prefer the old style of dance because I enjoy holding a pretty girl like you closely . 	I went shopping without my umbrella yesterday morning . 
 Not for me , Dick . 	Can you speak Japanese ? 
 Thanks . I will . 	Then , I ’ ll see you next week , Ms . O ’ Brian ? 
 I'm almost hungry . 	Next , please . Where to , sir ? 
 I believe persistence and perseverance are key attributes . 	Peter , why don't you go outside and play basketball with your friends ? 
 I'll make sure to get it tomorrow . 	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front . 
 Fine ! Well , I'll get right on it now ! 	Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ? 
 I have excellent communication skills and I am familiar with the procedures for the last company I worked for . Besides , I am a team player and have great interpersonal skills . 	Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ? 
 I bet nobody will care about it . 	The total cost is 850 dollars . How would you like to pay ? 
 It's user friendly . 	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see 
 It's a lot better than soda . 	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? 
 Well , ping-pong is our national sport , and we just have to keep winning one honor after another . That's why many people think such rules acceptable . After all , they are funded out of taxpayers'money . 	Do you shop online often ? 
 Well , there is that , yes . 	We're thinking of ordering fifty refrigerators . But , there's one problem . 
 Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off . 	How's everything , Janice ? 
 That ’ s great . But I prefer to put my money somewhere where the returns are more certain . 	Could I meet with you to discuss the project ? 
 I do . I don't know what to do after I retire . I'd like to work till I drop . 	Have you any evening bus tour ? 
 Oh , I understand . 	Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute ? 
 There are a plenty of signs such as Watch for children ! 	I am so busy today . 
 We broke up . 	Would you please recommend a diamond for me ? 
 Good . I'll do it . 	Are you OK there ? 
 You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first . 	Would you show me some table-cloths ? 
 Just 6 digits . 	I've heard The Hitchhiker would be on next week . I want to see it . 
 Of course , sir . Have a good day . 	It's awfully quiet around here . 
 Come on . Let ’ s talk heart to heart . I think we can find a solution . 	Did you listen to the weather forecast ? 
 Cut out , would you ? 	Have you seen this news article ? Apparently an organization has made a list to name the new seven wonders of the world and people could vote for them online . 
 OK . Give me his number and we'll contact him . 	Why don ’ t we go the cinema tonight ? 
 You are excellent . 	do you have s second ? 
 You're welcome . 	Did you enjoy that new movie ? 
 OK , someone will be there by 12:15 . 	What do you reading , Linda ? 
 Certainly , sir . If you need anything else , please let me know , and I'll be happy to get it for you right away . 	Would you like to copy the EX files and pass me the copy ? There are some figures I want to check . 
 Thank you . 	Confronted with difficult questions in an interview , the job-hunters mostly will be at a loss about what to do . 
 Our selection of stereo systems with turntables is somewhat limited , but we do have this system over here . 	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing . 
 Bye . 	Hi Anna , come in . 
 I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband . 	What's the problem ? 
 Come on ! This is work . Don't you think that would be a little weird ? 	I'm so glad that the Spring Festival is near at hand . 
 If they could make beautiful ads , I could bear . 	Hello , Dana Okro . 
 What you said gives me the creeps ! 	Hi , I need broadband for my computer . 
 No , Jess , chill out ! 	I hope the teacher decides to curve our test grades . 
 I'm sorry , but you were the only one who had access to it . 	Excuse me.In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures . 
 Are you crazy ? You were cheating . 	Hi Paul . How are you , friend . 
 Oh ! It's so cute ! 	I'd like to reserve a room . 
 OK.Here is your change.The train leaves on platform 8 . 	what do you think of studying abroad ? 
 Well , along with Jurassic Park ! Nice going , you got the right answer . 	My computer isn't working . 
 All right . See you tomorrow . 	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! 
 That's okay . Better late than never . 	Why is the car before us stopping ? 
 All right . Thank you . 	Hi , how ’ re you doing ? 
 No problem , sir . Let me help you . 	I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy ? 
 Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something . 	Hi , can I assist you in any way ? 
 Downloading music is really fast and convenient , and you can preview all the songs before you buy them . 	Is everything alright ? 
 What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap ! 	Mr . Wang , I want to apologize for being late again this morning . I just can't get up in time for work . 
 Oh , I've never seen a better Mexican restaurant . 	There will be a parade to celebrate National Day this weekend . 
 Don't worry about it , but thank you very much . 	Hello , Bob , this is Frank . 
 Oh , you men ! You're all the same . 	How long would you stay , sir ? 
 I was in such a panic at that time . Fortunately another boat came along and I was saved from drowning . 	Hello sir , may I help you ? 
 That ’ s great . You ’ re a lifesaver . 	Daniel , have you ever heard about the wildlife sanctuary ? 
 You can tell them " Please finding the enclosed customer service survey , else also , you can say Attach a customer survey . If you need resource it right away , you can tell them the urgent by saying Please return the survey without dely as soon as possible . Maye it more polite with this as early as convenience . 	What kind of life do you prefer , city life or country life ? 
 Nice to meet you , I'm jim taylor . 	You look terrific and in good shape . 
 You can divide it into several documents to mail . Or you can download the mentioned software from the warning . 	Watsup , ladies ! Y'll looking ’ fine tonight . May I have this dance ? 
 My pleasure . 	Okay Rebecca , well I think you ’ Ve given me a clear impression of your positive qualities , but let ’ s talk a little bit about your weaknesses . 
 If you need any help , just let me know . 	Matthew ? Hi ! 
 OK , but don't tell anyone what I said . 	That's the transfer completed . Can I do anything else for you today ? 
 Just a moment , PLS . I'll write out a receipt for you . 	The May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ? 
 But remember , be careful when you ride a bike . The traffic in Beijing can be dangerous . 	Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ? 
 I love it ! Darling , you ’ re kind . 	What a surprise we've met here ! 
 Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner . 	I've had enough of that ! 
 Don't worry . We won't be the first . 	Hello , Mary . 
 That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then . 	Hi Mary , how's it going ? 
 All right.Got it . 	Professor , I'm concerned about my grades . Do you have a minute ? 
 I think I should be more careful next time . 	I'm looking for the produce section , please . 
 All right . Say cheese ! 	Excuse me . May I take a picture of you and your little boy ? 
 Take your time , sir . I can wait . 	OK ... well , then how much is one jin ? 
 Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free . 	I want to find an old music box . 
 I appreciate that . 	It's very dark in here . Will you turn on the light ? 
 Dad , that's all right . I don't think it will rain . And it doesn't make any sense to take that many things on a trip . Besides I like to travel light . Bye ! 	Guess who I saw yesterday ? 
 Begin at 9 o ’ clock sharp . 	Good evening . Room Service . May I help you ? 
 What is it ? 	Mr . McKenna , do you have a second ? I need to talk to you about something . 
 The most important thing I learned was that I must continuously improve my abilities . Advertising is a constantly evolving trade and creativity is an important fact to success . If I want to make in marking in advertising industry , I can ’ t stop studying and creating . 	Can I help you ? 
 I was born on April 15 , 1986 . 	I want to find a job in your bank as an accounting clerk . 
 All I can tell you is our next President got my vote . 	Waiter , can I have the bill please ? 
 Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else ! 	Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale ? 
 It ’ s not my fault . Daniel always sends things flying . 	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss . 
 Look , just give me a chance . I can explain it . 	What are you doing ? 
 Well , we have no problems with our credit rating , I can assure you . 	so , which sport do you prefer---basketball or baseball ? 
 I am afraid not . Right now it's the tour season . 	Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ? 
 Yes , you're right . Maybe there's any other reason . 	Good morning , sir . Are you Mr . Wang , the personnel manager ? 
 All right . 	Do you have wake-up service ? 
 Ok . I like the design of this lamps . I also need some cushion covers . I ’ ll just browse through those ones over there . 	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ? 
 I Believe I will . Look for me near the lake . 	Hi , still in the office ? It ’ s already 7 . 
 I'll try to speak in another language or I'll try my best to use gestures and draw pictures . 	Your silk garments have aroused much interest in our country ever since our first order was put on the market . We have no doubt we can do better this year if you appoint us your sales agent . 
 Lincoln . That's L-I-N-C-O-L-N . Thank you . 	How are you doing ? Pretty good , I imagine ? 
 Just a second . I ’ ll go get some . 	isn't it wonderful walking here ? 
 OK . I am going right now . 	You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ? 
 If you did , you probably got ripped off . 	This is 911 . 
 It all sounds great . We can go there after the match . I can't wait to see what they have . 	Good afternoon , sir . 
 Right . Cool ! Let's go ! 	Can I see your passport , please ? 
 Good luck to you . 	I hear scientists in the US have discovered a new AIDS vaccine . 
 Sure . On a chessboard , fire is much more intensive . It has a smaller board , while those bigger pieces-chariots , horses and bishops-can cover longer distances . 	What is my prime responsibility in daily work ? 
 not at all , but we don ’ t have a very traditional marriage either , so it suited us perfectly ! 	Excuse me ! 
 Here is the money . 	Well , that's all for the interview . Thank you for your interest in this job . 
 I would buy that kind of book ! 	Hi , Mr . Zhang . What ’ s wrong ? You don ’ t look so happy . How was your date ? 
 Obviously , it depends on what I ’ m cooking.But I ’ d say it generally takes about one and a half hours . 	Ye Ting , who are these people in the picture ? 
 We can give you a discount if you order for immediate shipment . 	your muscles are a spectacle ! 
 You've made an excellent choice , sir . 	Brandy , I am supposed to participate in an interview tomorrow . 
 That's all there is to it . 	What are you thinking ? 
 Yes . Here you are . 	I would like to register for a class today . 
 You're welcome . I hope you'll be more comfortable in your new room . 	Good afternoon , everyone . The experiment is to start at 3 . Have you gone through the instructions ? 
 Good night ! 	Why weren't you at school yesterday ? 
 Come on.Let ' s walk there . 	Welcome , sir . May I help you ? 
 I'll send someone up right away . 	Dad , I ’ d like to borrow some money . 
 Maybe he is on the way home now . 	How do Mark and Jones compare , in your opinion ? 
 I ’ ll appreciate your help 	Good morning , can I help you ? 
 Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later . 	Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce . 
 You certainly deserve it . Let's celebrate ! 	... The rings please . May this ring be blessed so he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in peace , and continue in love until life ’ s end . 
 I'd be happy to do something new . 	I'll be on business for a couple of days , could you take care of your sister ? 
 a couple of times a week . i've got a regular dancing partner . he is really some dancer 	Can you do push-ups ? 
 Give her up . 	I have never done this before and don ’ t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house . 
 They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . 	Hi , Lucy ! 
 I will do my best . 	Can you imagine a boat letting in the river ? 
 Sure . Here is your receipt and you can draw your tax paid for those goods at customs . 	Dad , can I have a pet ? I did what you said and passed all of my exams . 
 His parents must feel very happy . 	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? 
 Okay . Thanks for your help . 	So can you fix it ? 
 Yes , there have been a few problems recently . Why don't you call the IT department ? 	I lost my wallet . 
 7880 Crofton Avenue , Building 40A , Room 304 . 	Hello there , Sir . I've dealt with you before , haven't I ? 
 I know . I ’ ll try to give it up . 	Dad , when will you finish your cooking ? 
 Ok , sounds good . But I think it's your trick . 	Hey , Ann , I am really sorry about last night . I shouldn't have said those things to you . 
 You are welcome . 	What ? What ’ s up ? 
 That's so true . When you have a taste for success , you can't let dishonest people like your manager get in the way . 	When could we meet to discuss the project ? 
 Yes , please . Thank you for everything . 	Have a nice weekend . 
 Could you also let me view some of the testimonials ? I'd really be interested to see what other group companies thought of this service . 	hey , Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ? 
 Okay , sounds good . 	Good afternoon , Mrs . White . 
 I'm Mary Smith.Nice to meet you , too . 	Are you going to the cafeteria downstairs ? 
 No , you ’ re kidding . I ’ m not taking it seriously . 	Did you bring your certificate for nursing ? 
 OK ! 	Would you please tell me something about the agriculture and industry of New Zealand ? 
 You are absolutely right . They are too brief . They don't tell you anything . 	Check out these wheels ! 
 That ’ s very kind of you . Thanks a lot . 	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again . 
 Goodbye . 	I wonder if you could do me a favor . 
 Sure , I'd love to . Thank you . 	Have you bought another handset 
 This is a pity ! 	Do you have a free moment ? 
 That sure didn't last long ! 	Do you think you'll get the project ? 
 Good ! 	So how far is the museum , dad ? 
 Thank you . 	Did you order the cake ? 
 soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too . 	Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ... 
 Sure . 	It ’ s time to get up . 
 Me , either ! Who decides how much money we get ? 	Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it . 
 Thank you . Would you sign here , please ? Here's your receipt . 	How do you like these dishes ? 
 Well , I ’ ll think about it . I don ’ t know whether accounting is going to agree to such a big purchase . 	Let's go to Burger Queen for lunch . They have good cheese burgers . 
 Thanks . I will . 	You ’ re working hard , George . What are you doing ? 
 alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you . 	Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ? 
 Anytime . Let me know how it works out . 	Could I be of any help to you ? 
 It's just the job I've been searching for . 	Excuse me , could you tell me which bus I should take to go to the railway station ? 
 Yeah , you are right . But we have to know how to make good use of it . 	Did anyone call ? 
 No , but it will be soon . Look , there're two empty seats over there . Let's get them . 	Do you take reservations ? 
 Till the end of the month . 	Peter , how often do you exercise ? 
 Does it ever ! Well , let ’ s get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I ’ ll see what else needs to be done . 	Hello ! We ’ Ve been waiting for our lunch order for over an hour . Did you forget our order ? 
 It ’ s wonderful , isn ’ t it ? Would you like to see some photos that I took recently ? 	Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . 
 I can only hope that one day they will change . 	Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it ? 
 Good . 	Who wants to go first ? Lily ? 
 No , just bring yourself . I hope to see you there . 	Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal . 
 He is hopeless . 	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
 Oh , I'm so sorry , Sir . I'll see what I can do about that . 	Look , Jim . That man just fell down over there . 
 Totally agree . By the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor . 	Where do you live , Kim ? 
 I ran into the guardrail when I turned to the left . 	We are on the way to the Wall Street . 
 Good-bye . 	Excuse me ! Do you know of any hotel nearby ? 
 I was also interrupted by her last week because of such a thing . 	Hi , Sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment . 	Write down your name here in ink . 
 Thank you . I will . 	Hello , is Sue there ? 
 Oh , so it was my fault , was it ? If I hadn't warned you in time it would have been much worse . 	Are you ready ? 
 That comes to H . K . $ 120 . 	Have you found another job yet , Sally ? 
 It's the Canon . 	That man's really a bore to me . 
 The most we can offer you at present is 600 dozen . 	That sounds pretty good . But isn't downloading music illegal ? 
 Thanks . 	May I know the definite date of delivery ? 
 Surprise me . 	Hi , Ellen ! How is it going ? 
 Fine , well the job search tools are all here for you to use . Feel free to look around and use what works best for you . Have fun with it ! 	more and more Chinese are marrying foreigners . 
 what a waste . It's good to see some stars that are more concerned with charity than status symbols . 	What reason do you have for missing school ? 
 I'm a great cook actually . You will see . 	I went to the doctor yesterday . 
 Good-bye . 	The consignments of chemical instruments have just reached us . We have to lodge a claim against you for inferior quality I am afraid . 
 My pleasure , bye ! 	All of my friends are going out to the lake tonight and I'm going too ! 
 Anything worth doing takes work . Money doesn't grow on trees ... Most of us have to work for it . 	I could get along fine without all the office politics . 
 Job fairs are popular places to look for work . 	Excuse me , how long is the flight to Phoenix ? 
 Count me in ! 	How can I help you ? 
 I hope so . 	Ladies and Gentlemen , this is the Statue of Liberty . It's one of the American symbol . 
 I put all of that information in the packet . I'll give you another copy if you need one . See you on Monday ! 	Listen , Christine , you can not afford another day off . You ’ Ve called in sick five times in the last three weeks . 
 Well , welcome to the team . 	Hello , Mr.Benson , welcome to Beijing ! Is this your first time to visit china ? 
 Job intentions refer to the kind of job you are eager to get , for example , accounting , marketing . 	Bob , can I talk to you for a minute ? There have been some developments for the Stewart case that I really need to talk to you about . 
 Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here . 	Honey , can you set the table ? 
 You are welcome . And , please call me Betty . 	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ? 
 Fine . 	It may comfort you to know that many people attended his viewing . 
 I ’ ll try the vegetarian , please . 	Mum , this is for you . 
 Here's your change . Thank you for shopping with us . 	I will travel to Southeast Asia this summer , so I need to exchange some US dollars . Can I get the foreign currency at any bank ? 
 Get her on the phone , please . I need to clarify this . 	Good afternoon , CCL press.Jennisse speaking , How can I help you ? 
 Well , there are adhesive strips on the backs . You can stick them anywhere . 	I Don't know how they do it ! Our competitors have undercut us by 10 % percent on the price of our latest model . There is no way will be able to compete against that . We're barely breaking even with the present prices . 
 Thanks . 	Diana's Flowers , Diana Lin's office , may I help you ? 
 Awesome ! 	hi , Betty.what ' s up ? 
 All right , see you then . 	This is my uncle , Charles . 
 You should take several resumes and some copies of your graduate diploma . 	Hello , John , please invite all our clients to the conference next week . 
 I'm sure you will like it . 	Excuse me . which way is to the post office ? 
 It would be better for me to just deal with getting my work done , but thank you for a lovely dinner . 	Hmm . Not bad . I think I look younger with shorter hair . 
 That's a great idea ; thanks for your help . 	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already . 
 Here is the agenda for the meeting and that's all for the messages . 	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it . 
 I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all . 	I ’ Ve always wondered , what ’ s the difference between English for Chinese students and English for native students ? 
 Oh , yes , it's in my pocket . But how can I get the key while I'm holding all these bags ? 	I am not convinced by your explanation . Could you explain it ? 
 Also some traditional Chinese food , like noodles and dumpling are marketed in modern ways with improved food quality . I heard this year , the government has imposed very stringent inspection on the hi-gene conditions restaurants and suppliers of food are also under tighter control . For sure all the customers will benefit from this . 	What can I get for you ? Here is the menu . 
 No wonder you say English is a crazy language . 	Rachel , do you like music ? 
 We wanted to live in a more peaceful community and have more space . Another reason is , we can afford to buy a home here , but we can ’ t in Chicago ! 	Excuse me , but could I use your bathroom ? 
 I know . Things are easier when you know what the weather's going to be like . 	My amenities bill says that I owe $ 10 for a movie , but I never ordered one . 
 No , that ’ s perfect . We can leave directly from here . 	Hi Jane , can you let me know the best way to get to your house this evening ? 
 Sorry , sir . Believe me , everything will be all right . 	Mr . Anderson , the boss wants to see you . 
 Thank you very much . 	I feel terrible sick , miss . I wonder if I could change my seat to the front part . 
 Of course . I will find you one . 	Do you give me a bonus ? 
 How do I turn it on ? 	Good afternoon . I'll show you to your room . 
 Needless to say , as a Westerner , it's bread . 	I'm so excited ! We have two weeks off ! What are you going to do ? 
 True . Predictable weather would make life easier . 	Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight ? 
 Thank you . I have got quite clear idea of it . 	What are we going to eat for dinner ? 
 Thank you . 	Are you OK ? 
 Yes , a little . I know your school is one of the best known in this town . There are about 200 children in the school . 	If you fall in love like him , you will go soft in the head , as well . 
 Good-bye , and thank you for shopping here . 	I'm exhausted . My new exercise is so hard . 
 Don ’ t worry about that . You just pay more attention to the details of people ’ s action in life , and you will know how to transfer information by their body language . 	Welcome to IBA . What can we assist you with today ? 
 I think we are running out of time . The bank is going to close soon . 	You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ? 
 Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on . 	I'm calling to ask about your apartment advertised . 
 their interest rates are usually quite high . It ’ s a good idea to pay off your credit card debts before they attract interest . 	Hi , is this Sue ? 
 No . Forget about it . It's not important . 	What's Beijing like ? 
 Yes , here they are . This is my ID card . This is my diploma . And this is my certificate for nurse qualifications . 	There are some things I miss . But I love Chinese food.And I think the people in Taiwan are really hospitable.Besides , I grew up in Los Angeles , so I'm used to living in crowded places.Why are you going to America ? 
 Thanks ! I'm so happy . It's like a dream come true . 	Hey , Taxi . Over here ! 
 Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ? 	How about your present pay ? 
 I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name ? 	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ? 
 Yes , they have a good reputation for fairness . 	Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do ? 
 Thanks for letting me know . 	Are you a goal-oriented person ? 
 Just a second . I'll go get some . 	Now please tell me something about your achievements in your work unit . 
 Thank you again . 	That was a really good meal , Gordon . 
 No , now it's bedtime . 	Thanks for the advice , Mr . Macmillan . I ’ ll keep it in mind . I had better head off though . I ’ m meeting my husband for dinner . 
 Yes , prompt and careful filing contributes greatly to the efficiency of our office . 	Hello , Jack . I'm John . 
 That sounds great . I ’ ll boring a bottle of wine . 	Hello , Pam . 
 I hope so . 	Come on , Let's go for lunch , Gregory . 
 Yes , you have a good eye for materials . 	Where are you going , Jane ? 
 By all means . 	Hey Jack . How's it going ? 
 That's great . We will have to charge you 250 RIB for that service , though . Could you please fill in this ? Thanks . 	All the routine work really browns me off . 
 Thank you . 	How is your appetite today ? 
 Well , I use breast stroke for long distance , crawl or free style for short distance and back stroke just for fun . 	Excuse me , but I ’ m a bit lost here . Where does this street lead to ? 
 Nice to meet you , too . Miss Li . please have a seat . I am Peter Smith , the General Manager . 	How was your job at the state-owned enterprise ? 
 It depends . If it has something special or useful , I suggest you send it out . 	I just moved into my apartment , and the plumbing is not working . 
 OK . 	Sheila , what time should we meet tomorrow ? 
 Good luck . I hope someone can help you . 	Good morning , Mrs . Smith . 
 that will be all . You're been very helpful , thanks . 	In case you didn't know , I'm checking out in half an hour . 
 Maybe you'll have to cancel it or postpone it . If you go out while you are sick , it won't help you recover . You may even pass your disease on to others . 	Did your eye doctor prescribe you contact lenses ? 
 Ok , we'll be expecting you at 11:30 then . See you then . 	I've had enough of that ! 
 It is still a mystery to me . 	I'd like to apply for a personal loan . 
 Don't worry , we ’ ll find someone eventually ! 	He has to deliver letters every day . 
 I ’ d be glad to . 	Bob , did you see our supervisor ? I need him to sign this paper . 
 OK . 	What ’ s the matter , dear ? 
 As long as the foam on my macchiato's not burnt , too , I'll be alright for a while . You got your espresso , Jess ? 	Does it bother you that your husband goes away on long business trips ? 
 Oh , yeah . I ’ m there ! 	What would you like ? 
 We must keep developing our economy and unite with other developing countries to fight against it . 	Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere . 
 Certainly . 	So that will be one teddy , two terry cloth robes , three pairs of satin slippers , and two pairs of pajamas . 
 I'm sure it will . So , we should be able to start moving the machinery in during week 34 . I'll confirm that date with our suppliers . 	How have you been feeling lately ? 
 That's OK . I'm awake now . 	What would you reckon the taxing increases ? 
 Fine.We ' ll be expecting you . 	Doctor Ruth's office , may I help you ? 
 If you need anything else , please feel free to ask me 	Excuse me . 
 You won't have to wait a second , sir . 	You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . 
 Well , if you say so . Personally speaking , I ’ d rather die of thirst than drink champagne . 	You ’ re ready , right ? 
 Sounds good . 	I am glad to have the opportunity of visiting your corporation . I hope we can do business together . 
 Ok , good luck , Jessica . By the way , if you ever need a letter of recommendation , I would be happy to write one for you . 	We ’ re trying to get donations . 
 No , honey , go and read it . You'll learn . 	Whose part do you think is best played ? 
 You got it . All right , Let's go back to school . 	Daniel , would you like to have a look at my dorm ? 
 Thank you . 	Do you like swimming ? 
 I ’ m sure that will be very popular .. OK , let ’ s think about how we can put these ideas into practice . 	Bill , please . 
 I don't mind the work . I think it's worthwhile . 	What do you think of the speech the man delivered just now ? 
 Alright , let's go . 	I am looking for a blouse . Can you show me the way , please ? 
 You're right ! So I can listen to music while riding my motorbike ! 	I'd like to reserve two seats for tomorrow night . 
 The only two times you need are I'm late and I'm really late . 	Excuse me , driver , where is the main area for restaurants ? 
 Yes , we bought veal sandwiches . We stopped around twelve , and we ate and watched the squirrels , but it was too windy to sit long . It was a very nice walk , anyway . 	Hello , 8520388 2 . 
 Oh , thanks , professor Donald.this is very nice of you . 	Oh dear , I ’ m late . I have to be in the office by 8am . 
 In the front , please . 	Hello , Sir . We haven't seen you for quite a while . So , what is it today that we can do for you ? 
 It's my favorite . 	Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing ? 
 So am I . 	My doctor said that I need a chest X-ray . 
 All right . 	Excuse me , where is the nearest bank ? 
 I don ’ t like all your questions . That ’ s why . 	What is the proper way to sit at a dinner table ? 
 Oh , sorry , sir.We take no tips here.Thank you all the same . 	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ? 
 OK . I like the design of this lamps . I also need some cushion covers . I ’ ll just browse through those ones over there . 	Every teacher likes him . 
 He's really cute . His bowl even has his name on it . 	What's wrong , officer ? 
 Good boy . I can only imagine how happy she will be to see you . 	Is Jack still staying idle everyday ? 
 All right . 	Now , you are to board the plane.We ' re sorry that we haven't done much to help you when you stayed in China . 
 Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful . 	How do you like your job here , Linda ? 
 OK , I'd like to purchase 500 US dollars worth of Traveller's Cheques , please . 	Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mike ! 
 That sounds like an excellent offer . I might take you up on that . Thank you for the wonderful invitation . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Yes , some countries may use some of the unnecessary health rules to exclude foreign food . 	Sorry to bother you , but do you have change for a one ? 
 All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable . 	Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday . 
 Here's your key , sir . If you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone . 	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for . 
 I'll be there . 	How many languages can you speak ? 
 That's amazing ! 	Room service . What can I do for you ? 
 An aisle seat , please . 	Have you ever been to Britain ? 
 It's absolutely true in the United States that losses from pilferage have been limited to high valued goods . We must study more about packing . 	Hey , Mike . You've been surfing the Net for quite a while . What on earth are you searching for ? 
 Fine , Mr . Tan . I ’ ll see you then . 	How was Elvin ? 
 Don ’ t be moody ! I hope you ’ re not tired , because we ’ Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties . 	You ’ re new here , right ? 
 What ? 	Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious ! 
 If you are better , but I doubt you will be . 	Poor Danny . You are so enfeebled ! 
 So let's head there . We'd better hurry up . 	Do you want any meat today , Mrs Bird ? 
 you ’ ll be lucky ! However , I ’ ll print out the information I got from the internet and you can do it yourself . 	Would you like some more rice ? 
 Really ? That's unbelievable . 	Hi , Is that David ? 
 That's OK . 	Did you know Carl is almost fifty ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Can I see the doctor ? 
 I'm one of them . 	Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road . Please roll down your window . 
 It should be around 5 working days , but different cases take different times . Sorry I can't be more precise . 	Who wants to go first ? Allen ? 
 They pay enough . 	No , Dave . I haven't wrecked my jeep . I'm calling to offer you a job . 
 Yes , if I get worse , I will definitely look for extra help with this . 	I want to start a tradition of family vacations with our family right now before we have kids . 
 Thank you . 	Hectic . It's always hectic . But how was your windsurfing ? 
 He sometimes really drives me crazy . 	This is the route I thought we could take on our hike on Saturday afternoon . 
 I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time . 	I need to cancel my reservation . I have personal matters that need fixing . 
 I like spring . The days are long and the night are short . The flowers are in bloom.We go on picnics . 	Why did you apply for the position ? 
 I'll say . 	Excuse me . My name is David Walker . Haven't we met before ? 
 I know . 	Good morning , Linda . How have you been ? 
 Is says here that it ’ s a war memorial . Now , there ’ s a distinctive structure-the stomium in Brussels . See ? It consists of several connected by cylinders . I believe you can go up and down inside it . 	I want to ask you for a favor . I want to rent an apartment here in Beijing , but as a foreigner , I don't know the normal practice . Can you give me some advice ? 
 All right . 	Well , It ’ s not as crowded as we excepted , is it ? 
 Yes , With pleasure . 	Where to , miss ? 
 A little bit expensive , but I will buy one.This is $ 25 , here you are . 	Welcome to our company , My name is Jon Dahl Green . I'm in charge of the export department . Let me give you my business card . 
 Yes , that's true . Still , it's hard to believe . Yesterday our high was only 50 degrees Fahrenheit . 	Mike promised to help us . 
 People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity . 	I was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on Friday . 
 well , let me know when you can get it fixed . I ’ d love to go for a ride in it ! 	What are you doing , awake ? 
 That would work out great ! Why don't we call and get a reservation ? 	Hi , Natasha , how's life ? 
 Good that he resembled his old , quick self . 	Your teacher has left you not very much homework this weekend . 
 Let ’ s rock n ’ roll . 	Here's the dress you wanted to be made . 
 I think so . It's turning out to be a great day . 	Hi . Can I help you , sir ? 
 Keep in touch . 	So , are you enjoying the performance so far ? 
 I see.OK , that's agreed then . 	I hear Jean married a business tycoon . 
 Ze ze ze ... Women ! 	We're having a tailgate party I before the game . Would you like to join us ? 
 Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry . 	I played the video game at Mike's home yesterday . 
 Women love roses , so your wife will be very happy . 	We are doing Secret Santa at the office again this year . 
 I think so . we certainly don ’ t want a highjack to happen on our plane today . 	( Before Christmas Party ) Are you ready for the Christmas party tonight 
 Indeed . He's strict with himself too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared . 	What did you do at that company ? 
 Well , after the half of the meeting , there will be an interval for rest and refreshment . 	Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please . 
 Oh , Jack ! That's wonderful ! 	I didn't expect to see you at this hour . You must have goofed off again . 
 And we ’ ll all help you . 	Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ? 
 Honda is OK . 	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 . 
 Thank you very much . Come back to see us . 	I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job . 
 Here's my passport . Is that OK ? 	How can I help you ? 
 Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath . 	Do you like traveling , Kathy ? 
 No way , Mary . I'm going to let you go first . I don't want the pressure of putting first . 	I hate landing in the sand trap ! Now I'm probably going to waste strokes getting it out . 
 thanks , but I'll stick with some jasmine tea . I'm trying to watch my diet . 	There was something wrong with the plane last Thursday . 
 Don't mention it . You can come whenever You are free . 	Is Tom in ? 
 Of course . I will . 	I really don't know how to break this to you , but it ’ s eating me alive ! 
 First I need to get your address . Try to move your arm as little as possible . 	Do you think children watch too much tv ? 
 Me too . If we don ’ t do something soon , It might be too late . 	Oh my god ! It's 10:00 pm . I have to go . 
 In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ? 	I'm feeling hungry . 
 I'll get our Mortgage Adviser for you . Please take a seat , I won't be a minute . 	What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ? 
 Not so many really . But a lot of houses are destroyed sometimes . 	Susan ! Why didn ’ t you tell me that you were taking over the Silk Company account ? 
 No , she didn't . After half an hour she stopped watching and started to read a book . 	How can I help you this afternoon ? 
 Thank you . 	You're going to have coffee , aren't you ? 
 Yes , I'd like to know how to send money to France . 	Bad news , I'm afraid . Our supplier has gone bust . The parts you ordered have arrived at the docks but the handling agent won't release them until someone pays the invoice . We also need to arrange transport to the factory . 
 Sure . If you'll just wait here , I'll be right with you in a minute . 	Let me hold the door for you , miss . 
 1564 . 	Did you go to the concert last weekend ? 
 Thank you for coming.Good - bye . 	This motor oil case is still really slippery . 
 terrorist acts are deliberate and deadly and can affect every walk of life . 	We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us ? 
 I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there . 	Hi , I'm checking in . The last name is Rama . 
 To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate pop . 	What book is that ? 
 Oh , I see it . Thank you . 	Where is my back pack ? 
 You bet . I ’ ll swing by after lunch , okay ? 	Excuse me , I'd like to make a suit of this material . 
 I think we ’ ll benefit a lot . 	Hello , Ms . Barkley . How are you ? 
 Yes , we got wet through . But we still enjoyed ourselves . 	I ’ m a new student . My name ’ s Robert . 
 Really ? I ’ m surprised . 	Why is little Billy crying ? 
 Yes , I've been thinking about Florida . 	Are you sure it was him ? 
 Thank you so much . 	What ’ re you doing now ? 
 Well , I know a little Italian . 	Hi , Tina , I ’ Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . 
 I ’ Ve been thinking of doing that lately ! I don ’ t want some banker to run off with my money ! 	Who ’ s this ? your girl-friend ? 
 Thanks for the vote of confidence , Justin ! 	How time flies ! Why I always feel haven't enough time to work and study ? 
 Sure . Any time . 	Hi , John , this is Mary , your tenant up in Lincoln Park . 
 After that , we'll let you decide if you still want a murder , I mean motorcycle . 	Hello . Can I help you , ma'am ? 
 Let me take a look at the schedule . I ’ ll get back to you this afternoon , all right ? 	I need some flowers for my wife . It's her birthday . 
 Ms . : That's right . 	Have you anything to declare ? 
 That ’ s okay . I ’ ll call back later . 	Do you like tea ? 
 No sweat ! Think nothing of it . 	Thanks a million . 
 See you then . 	Didn't you say you were planning a trip to China ? I heard the northwest and north of China are experiencing severe sandstorms ! 
 I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business . 	Good morning . Do you have a small house for the 18th and 19th of this month ? 
 Leave me alone . 	You look pale today . 
 Then we'd better get started . 	Well , what's the matter with you ? 
 No way , if it still has 21 . 	May I have the menu , please ? 
 I will . It's most thoughtful of you . 	What can I do for you , madam ? 
 Thank you . 	I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ? 
 It ’ s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ’ s good for you ! 	My watch always gains ten minutes a day . 
 Rents are very high in downtown area . 	Looking through your C . V . , I see that you graduated from Oklahoma State University . Can you tell me what training you have had that would specifically relate to the cable television Industry ? 
 I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow . 	Thanks for lunch . It was delicious . 
 Hey ! What's that smell ? Are you burning the toast ? 	Hi , Mary , I have decided to look for a job as a salesman . 
 A cup of coffee , please . 	Hi , Stephanie . I hear you have a new job . 
 You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ? 	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent . 
 I think so.Thank you . 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall . 	my mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy ? 
 See you in the morning . 	How do you spend your spare time ? Are you interested in sports ? 
 This is your table . It's Number 10 . 	Can you help me set up my voicemail message ? I just got this service and I am not really sure what I am supposed to say . 
 Thank you . 	Honey , please forgive me . There is lots of work to do . So , I forget your birthday . 
 I trust him . 	I need help in ordering my office supplies . 
 By the way , what's the rate for a single room ? 	Good evening , may I help you ? 
 I'd like a banker's draft please . It's not really urgent . 	I don't know what I'm going to do . I need to find a job . If I don't , I won't be able to stay here next semester . 
 That ’ s fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ? 	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ? 
 The savings will be worth the short wait . See you next weekend . 	Who broke my chair ? 
 What an idiot ! 	Steven , have you got better now ? 
 By that time , you will be fired . 	What good sunshine ! Let's go and get a suntan on the balcony . 
 How about this one ? This is just $ 20 . It's worth every penny of it . 	Good , morning ! Can I help you ? 
 Clear soup , please . 	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project . 
 Very useful advice , I will try them right now . 	Mary sings much better than Susan , doesn't she ? 
 Yes , there is . See you then . 	Jenny , I want to go on a picnic . Could you come too ? 
 Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation . 	I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight ! 
 I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much time to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow . 	Can you book me a single room on March 31 ? 
 Well , it's straight , but it's upside down I'm afraid . 	Have you heard Jenny divorced her French husband ? 
 Ok , good luck to you . 	I just love your hair that way . 
 Alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you . 	Did you move into your new apartment ? 
 Well , good luck . Give me a ring sometime , and let me know how you are . 	We agree to give you a break on the price , all together a discount of 6 % . Good news is , I talked to my boss , he confirmed that if you take care of the shipping costs , we'll throw in insurance . 
 Definitely . Just hope Jenny can recover from the pain of divorce soon . 	I'd like to see a tea set , please ? 
 Sounds interesting . 	What's your new girlfriend like ? 
 College job placement services can help . 	Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? 
 Thank you . 	What're you going to wear today ? 
 You will make it if you persist in it . 	I plan to buy a car this year . 
 Fantastic ! I ’ ll be there ! 	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ? 
 Yeah . People down our way hardly speak to each other . 	Mary and I decided to ring the curtain down on our love affair . 
 Alright . And I won't go to that cafe for awhile . 	How much is the video camera ? 
 Thank you , sir . Just a moment , please . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 Thank you . 	Here's our sample room . 
 Thank you . 	You haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment ? 
 Certainly . As my colleague just mentioned , sustainability is a major concern when examining the potential output of a resource . Of course , as you can see from the content of our presentation today , with renewable resource , there is a much larger sustainability than with non-renewable resource . 	What does Human Resources Department do ? 
 No , the show is almost sold out . 	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children . 
 Driver , 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . , please . 	Did you have any kind of punishment in your life and studies ? 
 Take a look at this dress ! Don't you think it's perfect for you , ma'am ? Uh , where are you going , ma'am ? Ma'am ? 	I heard Nick found a job in a bank and his salary is said very high . I also want to work there . 
 There you are . 	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in . 
 No , it will be another hour . 	Dad , what's the date ? 
 Don't mention it . Call back if you have any more questions . 	do you want to go out for dinner tonight ? 
 I'm afraid I know less than you do.Tell me more about her , will you ? 	What's your favorite magazine ? 
 ok ... sure . 	Good afternoon , is there a vacant room here ? 
 Such concern for the company , Craig ! I'm impressed . 	Why do you want to work in our company ? 
 I understand . Thank you . 	Say , what's your favorite sport ? 
 Ok . See you tomorrow . 	Sir , I am very glad to tell that we have successfully registered the trademark for our new product . It is the time to think of some effective promoting strategies . We are beginning to get more attention from overseas . 
 No , you don't ! It's still beeping ! Come on , hand it over and I'll turn it off for you . 	What kind of sport do you often do ? 
 Let ’ s call them right now . I am sure that they will be happy to hear that you have agreed to pay for the inspection . 	I just got a call from Mrs . Fitzgerald . See what your Willie has just done . 
 Hopefully , that will keep everyone happy . 	Excuse me.Could you tell me how to return to the Hilton Hotel ? I am afraid I lost my way . 
 Thank you , darling . 	Where's Mrs . Johnson ? 
 Thank you . 	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ? 
 I'll take you to the assembly shop ... 	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ? 
 You've got to let her know . Come on ! You've got to take a chance ! 	How did you get it ? 
 Wait ! Don ’ t turn it on ... 	What do you do ? 
 Thank you . I ’ ll try my best . 	I don't know . I think you might be over the hill . 
 Yes , ten days . 	Hello , are you interested in this Honda ? 
 Sometime next month . 	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday . 
 I know , Janet . I just walked out and forgot it completely . I ’ ll go home and get it at noon , all right ? 	Overseas operator , may I help you ? 
 Yes , me too . Oh , here's Susan now . Let me introduce you . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Sure . You just walk down this hallway . The copy room is the second room on the right . 	Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head ! 
 Of course I know that . But don't you notice that the house price is skyrocketing ? 	Going to the gym tonight , Mary ? 
 Thanks . 	May I help you ? 
 He can't write very much on a card , mum . 	Bill . Bill ! You gotta help me ! 
 It's a private garden . 	Hi , how ’ re you doing ? 
 I thought she would marry a fortune . 	Show me the photos of the latest hair styles , will you ? 
 Well , it can cause smog , which can affect people's health - especially people with breathing difficulties . 	I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen . 
 I had a few coffees while I was waiting . Let's get out of here ! 	Which service offered by your bank do you use most ? 
 Well , you're here . And that's the main thing . 	See how many people are here ! 
 I will keep my room clean , too . That's a promise . 	Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it . 
 I left the job because of expiry of my employment contract . Besides I have accumulated a lot of experience in this sort of job . I want to seek better jobs . 	Excuse me ! What time is it ? My watch stopped . 
 Very well , consider me gone . 	I can't believe the way our landlord cheated us . 
 Thanks , ma ’ am . You ’ re a lifesaver ! 	Excuse me , I'm looking for your 3 - liter Pepsis , the ones that are on sale this week . There don't seem to be any in the soft drink section . 
 Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now ! 	I think modern painting means nothing . 
 Yes . I think it is now a moderate volume . 	Can you tell me about some good deals on produce ? 
 Oh , right . I forgot about that . Sorry , I'll pay cash . 	I'm dreadfully sorry for you . 
 They come from tropical countries . 	Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson . 
 Sure , that would be a good place for them . 	Are you ready for your first driving lesson ? 
 Since 1996 it has been . And I bet I'd be pretty good at it . I ride my mountain bike to work almost every day . 	How come it is slow as a snail today ? 
 That's smart thinking . 	Could you tell me something about your previous job ? 
 No problem . 	what did you do over the weekend ? 
 So will I . Thank you . 	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth . 
 Thank you . 	I am rejoiced to tell you that you are employed . 
 If he doesn't change his attitude toward work , I don't think a new job can make any difference . 	Are you a smoker ? 
 The proposal is being repaired right now and I think it will be ready by tomorrow morning . 	Decent dressing and appearance , which contribute to a good first impression of the interviewer , are surely quite important . 
 I've done it for you . 	What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ? 
 They may have some difficulty in doing it . 	In my opinions , someone else has caused the fire of this house . 
 Come on ! It is really a fun game . 	Did you go to the movie yesterday ? 
 I may just go to the DMV today , so I can pay the fine . 	Is your lady beautiful ? Since I came here from the country , I've not seen her close . Tell me , is she beautiful ? 
 Thank you . 	I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room . 
 Check , please . 	So Janet , do you do any sports ? 
 Yes , sir . I'm really so sorry about that . 	Is that Mr . Green ? 
 Great idea . There is a travel agency nearby who would love to be our sponsor . It's a perfect chance for them to promote ethnic tourism . 	I want to rent this apartment . 
 It costs less to wash here . 	Is there a bus tour ? 
 Right away , sir . She will be impressed with your local knowledge . 	Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in . 
 I like spring , too.We can go for a walk and enjoy the fresh air . 	Do you want black or white coffee ? 
 I think I have traits of both , actually . I look more like my mother . 	Good morning . 
 Well , why don ’ t we sit down and work out the numbers ? We can always scale down the bonuses if we have to . 	It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ? 
 Bye now . 	Henry , I want to ask you something . 
 Thank you , they are beautiful . 	I know why Mr . Fro didn't like our ad idea ! He doesn't know the first thing about coffee . 
 OK , let's go . 	Hello , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 No problem , girl friend . I'll see you next time . 	Excuse me , do you speak English ? 
 Sorry about the inconvenience , you look so young . I had make sure you are over 21 years old . 	Mrs . Montgomery ? I ’ Ve been trying to figure out when we should have the New Year ’ s party . Could you take a book at these dates ? 
 You are welcome . 	Which is more interesting to you , flying kites or going roller-skating ? 
 Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other . 	Would you like to have a piece of cake ? 
 Okay , count me in . 	Hello . I need to disconnect my phone , please . 
 Goodbye . 	Can I help you , Miss ? 
 Okay , I'll take these two magazines and a copy of Today's Post . 	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing . 
 For two weeks . After that you must renew the books if you wish to keep them longer . 	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... 
 She ’ s my friend ’ s ten-year-old niece . I guess there won ’ t be another wedding in this family for a long time . 	Emily , what kind of report is this ? 
 Take-out , please . 	Which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ? 
 Wow . That sounds really good . 	If he promised to help you , I'm sure he will help . He's a man of his word . 
 You just simply follow the instructions on the screen . You can inquire about your account information and use the self-service payment function . 	Which institute did you choose in university ? 
 Your food will be brought to you momentarily . I hope you enjoy it . 	Steven , have a rest . Could you have a talk with me ? 
 No , nothing . 	Hello , Alice . Would you like to go to the temple fair with me ? 
 OK . 	Are there any beds vacant ? 
 Yeah . 	Look at these clothes designed by top fashion designer like Versacci , Calvin Klein , and Vivienne Westwood . What do you think of them ? 
 Yeah . I think things are worked out just fine . 	Sandra is actually a blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women . 
 Oh , I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet . 	I'm going to need a taxi . 
 You mean the man wearing jeans ? He ’ s her little brother . 	How old are you ? 
 You're right . We need more people like you in politics . 	Can I help you ? 
 Bye bye . 	I'm told Cold Blood just finished its last cut . 
 Yes . I ’ m looking forward to it . 	How did you first meet ? 
 That's the packing line . The goods are being wrapped and loaded onto pallets ready for transportation . 	Do you have any other questions ? 
 I hope so . 	What are you guys doing ? 
 Well , we don't have a printer in the lobby yet . You'll have to use the lab . 	The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned . 
 Mmmm . They smell nice . 	You look pale , Paul . What's wrong ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What do you think of our price ? 
 Yes . Here you are . 	You don ’ t look so good . 
 It's a deal ! 	Do you have s second ? 
 He is the guy I was telling you about . 	Would you like to order now ? 
 let me see ... 	Well , it was nice meeting you . 
 But you don't have such a problem as to pop songs . 	Would you like some drinks ? 
 It is a red Audi . 	Hello . Is there a room available tonight ? 
 Yes , we do , thank you . 	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ? 
 Yes . He carries a lot of weight . Everyone here is willing to follow his orders . 	You are still a student ? 
 That's very kind of you . 	Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? 
 OK . 	Diana , in your opinion , which is more important , IQ or EQ ? 
 We try not to because you might have to pay quite a heavy fine . 	Hello , May I speak to Mary , please ? 
 Well , both have advantages and disadvantages . 	Have you ever climbed the mountain before ? 
 We'll have to talk this over some more . 	Good afternoon , sir . You are really a regular customer here . May I ask you why you come here so often ? 
 That's true . 	Hi Bob , this is my friend Mary . 
 What's more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company . 	I'm taking my date to a restaurant . Could you tell me about one or two good ones ? 
 They are.We definitely see eye-to eye on my enhanced performance being a win-win situation for everyone involved . 	Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? 
 I'll buy an electric map of the city . 	What date is it today ? 
 Well-endowed ? Don't worry . I have some bras with bigger cup sizes in the back . 	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation ! 
 We'd better take it up with them , in that case . 	How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin ? 
 It's amazing . 	Here is my boarding pass.Can you tell me where my seat is ? 
 Yes , you're right . 	Good morning . My name is John Smith . I'm an import manager . 
 Have you got the number ? I'll call them right now . 	How did you two meet ? 
 Certainly , Sir . 	Everybody , I'd like to propose a toast to Mary Johnson , Teacher of the Year . She worked hard all year . She really deserved the honor . 
 Yes , I will . 	Can I try it on now ? 
 So what ? 	I'm quite upset ! I want a new room and a refund for tonight . 
 I will . Many thanks , Mr.Black . 	There are so many environment problems in the world today . Do you think we can really solve them all or will destroy the world ? 
 I can't , either . I like watching . 	Thanks for everything . 
 That's the very thing I want . 	Chris , where are you going ? 
 Absolutely . Thanks for coming Rebecca . Goodbye . 	Would you like to know about benefits and so forth ? 
 It's not only the name of our company that will change ... I expect that after this acquisition , there'll be a ton of things up in the air . 	How often are stockholders meetings held ? 
 Fine , let's go . 	What am I supposed to do with this plastic cup ? 
 Make it work , Geoff . You would say that , wouldn ’ t you , he is your cousin.what a jerk , make me hire your stupid , useless , cousin . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you ? 
 Besides I want two copies of all the photos . 	Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 
 It's not on this platform . These trains are uptown and downtown , not crosstown . You have to go up these stairs over there . 	Good evening , miss . Want some socks ? 
 Yes , please . 	What's the matter with you ? You don't look well . 
 He got a scolding . 	This book I'm reading about Yoga is really interesting . 
 No , thank you . I have brought some . 	Morning , Mom . 
 Many ! 	Hi . I can't get going on my computer until I get a broadband hookup . 
 Have a nice day , Ma ’ am . 	Hi , taxi . 
 I think the most important thing is the interest in the job . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Let me see ... 	I ’ d like to open a current account . 
 Thank you . 	Well , what brings you here ? 
 It was not just that . I didn ’ t like them because they never fitted me . 	We have a holiday next week , don't we ? 
 Yes , let's do it now . 	I'm really sorry , Bob . I accidentally damaged your bike . 
 Yes , I can get it for you but I need to go back inside the bank . 	Good afternoon , San Felice Hotel . May I help you ? 
 Wait ... What ! 	Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? 
 No problem . 	Would you please weigh this letter to see what the postage is ? 
 Yes . I am ready . 	Is your application successful ? 
 Of course , Please hold the line Mr . Hunter . 	Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? 
 I ’ m sorry , sir . I ’ m going to have to take a look inside your bag . 	Tristan , could you stay a few extra minutes to discuss your project with me ? 
 Thank you for your advice . 	Get up , it's time for you to get ready . 
 Mum , when will we have them again ? 	Hello , Mr . Macmillan . 
 That's because you don't know the short cuts . You'll learn them after a while . I can show you the ropes . 	Excuse me . I think I have got lost in the Art Gallery . Can you tell me the way to the exit . 
 Thanks ! Now I don ’ t need to come back to the shop a second time . 	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ? 
 No , just a few minutes . 	My old man always harps on me . 
 That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time ! 	Hi . I want to get something nice for my niece . 
 That ’ s very good . 	Who's singing in your home , Jim ? 
 Thank you . 	Do you want to talk with John with tongue ? 
 I forgot what I put up with in that case . I do deserve these flowers . 	Hi , Mr . Smith . I'm Doctor Hawkins . Why are you here today ? 
 That ’ s ok . Thanks . 	Will you bring our bill , please ? 
 That's wonderful ! I like swimming . 	My , it looks too queer ! 
 The more money you made , the more you will earn on unemployment . They have a formula . 	Are you a wrestler or a boxer ? 
 No , thank you . I'll be all right as soon as the plane gets out of this turbulence . 	What happened to my cup ? 
 I sure will . 	I beg your pardon for being late . 
 I believe you can do a good job . 	Where can I get the information , Kate ? 
 Mary , you must be careful . In some parts of America , the day can be - 10 ° C and sunny . 	That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ? 
 Are you kidding ? 	Have the owners come up with a counter-offer to my offer to buy their home yet ? 
 Yeah , all right . 	Tina Li , Financial Planner , how may I be of service ? 
 Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work . 	What are you doing over the weekend , Sara ? 
 Not really . It's a very comprehensive warranty . I ’ ll put a copy in the post to you and you can read through the small print . 	May I help you ? 
 Well , uh , I'll let you decide that for yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room ! 	What's your name please ? 
 That ’ s a good idea . I ’ ll look into finding something like that . 	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong . 
 Thank you for you help . 	What's your favorite sport ? 
 Whew ! Thanks , Karen . That car almost hit me . 	Aunt Cindy , do you shop online often ? 
 Maybe it can take effect . 	Jack ! You've really done it this time . 
 It's January . 	Can I get some medicine to help me ? 
 No . Don't be silly . I wouldn't dream of letting you do that . 	Would you like your bags to be taken to your room ? 
 I know , but there was nobody else . 	I'll treat you dinner . 
 Yes , I have . But I have to wait . 	Do you have a reservation ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	If you are staying here for a few days , we ’ d be delighted to see you at our factory . 
 I'll speak to Bob , he'll be able to help us . 	Good morning , madam . I'd like to apply for a library card . Can you help me ? 
 It happens quite often , actually.Whenever there arises a dispute between the union and the executive group , the first thing they do is to call a strike . Usually it only lasts a day or two before both sides can come to an agreement and we start work again . Anyhow , it's a nice , unanticipated holiday ... 	What kinds of meat are most popular in your country ? 
 Yes , therefore they are expanding the scope of their service . For example , hotels can be booked through the same site as well . 	Welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ? 
 It's a problem . You'd better move . 	Do you have any hats ? 
 yeah , wear formal clothes to your interview and do be punctual . That'll leave your interviewers with a good first impression . 	Have you brought the receipt with you ? 
 Here is the money . 	Could you help me figure out how to look for a job ? 
 All right . Wait a minute . 	I ’ m betting the New York Yankees win . How about you ? 
 thank you . goodbye . 	Could you tell me where you put my book ? 
 That ’ s human nature . 	Sir , I want to ask for a leave for five days . Here is the request form . 
 I'm pretty satisfied with it . I can broaden my experience , learn lots of new things , and have more development opportunities . 	Are you ready to order now , sir ? 
 I believe you were the best choice for that promotion . I really do . 	Good afternoon , Sam . 
 Don't think so much . Take a good sleep and you'll feel better soon . 	Excuse me , sir . Can you tell me where I can buy some chocolates ? 
 Just remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means loading and unloading only . I think you'll be good to go ! 	Are you doing the football pools , Brian ? 
 But Sarah says she does not care , so long as he loves her . 	Good morning.Wilson Association . 
 That's all right . 	Have you gotten a parking ticket before ? 
 OK . 	Mrs . Phoebe , let's talk about the delivery arrangement for our goods . 
 Thanks . If I am interested , I'll go to the library . 	May I know how old you are ? 
 Okay . 	IMPF Bank , Li Lan speaking , how may I help you ? 
 Sure . Sounds great . Let's go . 	Good morning , Madam . Is everything OK ? Is there something I can assist you with ? 
 Right . A reduction of 5 % is acceptable . 	Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ? 
 Thank you . Here you go . 	What did you do today ? 
 I would greatly appreciate that . 	Good afternoon , Chloe , I ’ m Doctor Evans.What seems to be the problem ? 
 That ’ s all I need today . Thanks . 	Can you read and write English and French ? 
 Certainly . See you in the afternoon . 	Good morning . Please come into my office . 
 It's amazing that these things still work as well as they do . 	Do you love me ? 
 To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate pop . 	Hello , this is my passport . 
 Yeah , she is great . I also admire her for her concern about society . 	Hi , Daisy ! 
 Yes , I came to Beijing two years ago looking for new opportunities . I was lucky because my friend introduced me to my current company . 	Let's do something different today . 
 I hear ya . Let's do it . 	What's that , a new video game ? 
 I ’ ll take them . 	Excuse me . Have you got the time ? 
 He looked his age . 	What do you think of the Olympic motto ' Higher , faster and stronger ' ? 
 If you think that she is not fair with your work then you should talk to her in person instead of stewing over it . 	Is the clock right ? 
 Administer is doing a good job . I'm not sure they'll be as happy as we are . 	How much is the hat ? 
 That will be ninety-five cents in all . 	Carla , I know you ’ re kind of new in this business and I want to give you some advice . 
 Oh , sorry . Cross my fingers . 	How are you ? 
 You're welcome . Please come again . 	Tom , we are in the restaurant now ! 
 OK . I will take it as well . How much in all ? 	Excuse me , have you got any laundry ? The laundryman is here to collect it . 
 That would be nice . Let's call it a deal . 	It sounds that you have a high opinion of him . 
 I guess I'm lending them to you ... 	Could you help me to register for a class ? 
 it's pretty simple , Iris . Just keep it in mind that you're what you eat . 	Merry Christmas , Lily . 
 I can always use my key to get in , but I would prefer that you be there . 	Have you ever thought about Tom ’ s attitude ? 
 I know one . Let's go . 	I dislike Susan . She is always above herself . 
 Get in . 	Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	I've got to go to bed . Have to work tomorrow . 
 Thank you very much . 	Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department . 
 Thanks . That'll be OK . 	Did you even bother to go to school today ? 
 See you . 	Welcome to our hotel's indoor swimming pool . What can I do for you ? 
 OK , thank you ! 	What ? Your diamond ring is lost ? 
 OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night . 	Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ? 
 No , sir.The tax is included . 	Oh , no . It looks like my computer really has caught a virus . 
 Right . Let's help each other . 	How are you ? 
 That's a problem . 	Hi , how can I help ? 
 I'm afraid not . Every coin has two sides . I think using internet has a great deal to do with human interaction . 	What's going on ? 
 Yes , please . 	Can you tell Bob from Tom ? 
 And it says that it sleeps . 	Hello , is this the ABC Company ? 
 No , I feel young , fresh and energetic . 	Maybe you should have told me first ? 
 Great , then let's go visit him . I want to give him some flowers , too , to say sorry . 	so , how's your course going ? Do you like it ? 
 Thank you for joining the library ; we look forward to serving you . 	Are you a good driver ? 
 I think there's someone at the door . Excuse me while I go and get that . 	Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem ? 
 Why not go and find a porter ? 	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? 
 Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment . 	Now I'm sure we'll never get all our things back . They're so clever these criminals . What's the point of collecting beautiful things for other people to steal ? 
 No problem , I love it.Thank you for granting me the interview . 	Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ... 
 Oh , Melanie , you are a life saver , thank you ! 	What do you want ? 
 It's true , sir . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Thank you , I will be doing my best . 	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . 
 No , I'll pay for it in cash . 	I want to find an old music box . 
 I am afraid not . I have no interest in them at all . 	Tell me , Mr . Han . What do you suggest if we establish long term business relations ? 
 Enough ! If we don't finish the game , there won't be time for any movies tonight ! 	Can I ask you what the office rules are ? 
 Yes , maybe I should have another try . 	Can you lend me some money ? 
 How about this ? They're the same shape . 	Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . 
 Just a trim will do . 	Well , let's have your firm order . 
 Yes , you're right . And I was so tired that I fell asleep on the way back . My arms are still stiff from the swim yesterday . 	Remittance Advice , how can I help you ? 
 In about twenty minutes . 	These are new arrivals . 
 Okay , thanks very much . 	Walker Airline Travel Agency.May I help you ? 
 Absolutely not ! I'm not a thief . 	Have you seen the new girl in school ? 
 My aunts studied in the American universities.They say that extensive reading for fun is the most effective way to improve your English.That ' s what they learn here in America . 	They are a nice middle-aged couple , just like us . 
 Ok . 	How many people are in your family ? 
 I have all of that with me . I've also banked here for a number of years . 	How's Jimmy today ? 
 No buts . The thing is to cut down your expense , Judie . 	Do you think maybe it would be better to just talk to Vince ? Explain the situation ? 
 You are ! 	I was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher . 
 Gentleman ! Hah ! Fat chance ! Hah ! Eat your heart out , sucker ! Hah ! 	May I help you ? 
 Oh , I see . Yeah . Some people like traveling , some don ’ t . My husband didn ’ t like traveling at first , either . He said what ’ s the use of traveling ? A waste of money and a waste of time.At last I got him on the move . After all , he loved me . We went to Bali , Indonesia , one of the most beautiful places in the world . That trip left a very deep impression on him . Since then whenever we have holidays and money , we ’ d like to patronize the travel agency . Isn ’ t it a bit dull to shut yourself at one place all your life ? 	Hello , Tom . I'm really glad to meet you here . 
 Do you think so ? I don't like it very much . I found it rather uncomfortable . 	So , are we all ready to go ? 
 Thank you , Mr . White . I really appreciate your assistance . 	Could I change these pounds for dollars , please ? 
 It ’ s plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won ’ t take your twenty minutes to get there . 	Mr . Smith , I would like to get right to the point here . First , we need to talk about how much each company will pay . 
 It's great ! 	Marquet , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? 
 Yes , I had taken finance courses in a training school . Compound talents are needed in the society and I must study continually to keep abreast with the times . 	Mom . I have to go school shopping . There's only one more week left . 
 Well , I thought it was not that serious . 	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ? 
 I ’ m glad to hear that . 	Hi Jackie . You don't look too well . What's going on ? 
 You must be joking ! 	This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ happening ? 
 I see why it lags behind other towns . 	so , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ? 
 Maybe you are right . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Oh , that's fantastic ! 	Was there an accident on the freeway today ? 
 Ok , thank you . 	Dutton Hotels . How may I help you today ? 
 Could you come back later ? We're right in the middle of dinner . 	Shall I punch out for you , Ross ? I am leaving now . 
 See you tomorrow . 	I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled . 
 I will do . 	I would like to book a table for 2 . 
 30 yuan . 	I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ? 
 Yeah , my wife likes that one , too . Personally , I prefer action movies . 	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter . 
 Forget it . I don't want to inflict any more pain on myself . In a little while I'll go and buy some more painkillers and take a nap . 	She's pretty and meek . 
 You see ... money doesn't equal happiness , but it takes away a lot of responsibilities . 	Fill it up with unleaded and check the oil , please . 
 No , double B for Bravo 	Fairly warm this morning , isn't it ? 
 With cold milk ! 	Well , Mr . Brown , we've settled everything in connection with this transaction except the question of payment in yen . Now can you explain to me how to make payment in yen ? 
 Goodbye . 	I'll have sole , then . 
 All right . You can rest assured that we will do everything possible to advance shipment . The fertilizers will be delivered before April . 	Hello Bill , what's new ? 
 I worked as a PR clerk for one year 	Kate , what do you like to do tonight ? Do you often go to the movies ? 
 Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too . 	Here is your spicy diced chicken with peanuts , sir . 
 Fine . The housekeeper will open the door and stay in the room with the repairmen . 	What college are you attending ? 
 Thank you . 	I don ’ t know why I married him . 
 Whoa ! Who said you got the job ? 	Then I'll take them . How much ? 
 That's great . Let's begin as soon as possible . 	Adam , I'm sorry ! 
 Good.Now , if you'll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days . 	Do you know anything about health food ? 
 Yeah , this is the latest model.If you like it , you can try it on . 	Hi . I ’ m here for flight 513 to New York but I thought I heard the paging system announce that it is canceled . Is that true ? 
 No , he is the sort of man who likes to hide his candle under a bushel . 	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane . 
 Yes . What about this one ? 	This is the first time for me to have a Chinese guest . I hope you like western cooking . 
 A 10,000 dollar policy shouldn ’ t be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He will give you a good deal . 	What time is it , Tom ? 
 Not a bit of it , don't blame yourself . 	Hi , Dave . This is Zina . 
 Don't worry . She will be all right . 	So you said you and Amanda met through a mutual friend . How did it happen ? 
 Alright , please show me what you have . 	Grant . How is everything ? 
 Indeed.He ' s strict with himself , too.We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared . 	Shall we share a taxi ? 
 I did actually but I think I met some of the friendliest people in China . They soon showed me the way ! 	OK . Here's the final drawing ! It's for the trip ! 
 He not only sent me nasty e-mail , but he's so bored , he even asked me to search the Net for even more forwards for him ! 	Well , everything is packed and ready to go . 
 You're welcome . 	My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . 
 In the dustbin ! Why didn't you tell me before ? 	Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the Today Mall ? 
 Ok . Let's call it a deal . 	Are you free next thursday ? 
 If things don ’ t get better in a few days , I will look for some other solutions . 	I'd like to order breakfast , please . 
 Thank you so much . 	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . 
 Exactly . 	When can you get the finished product to me ? 
 Definitely ! Thank you ! 	Look at this , A Brief Introduction of Hollywood . 
 I will do my best . 	Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs . 
 Certainly . 	I've got a complaint about the noise next door . 
 Great . You can move in next Monday . Your first month's rent is due then . 	I ’ m interested in teaching at your school . 
 Certainly , ma ’ am . Just take these stairs down to the first floor and turn left . You can ’ t miss it . 	Jack , let ’ s go ! 
 Can you hold it for me ? 	Mr . Smith . could you give me your quotation for your bicycle A5 , FOB Qingdao ? 
 Oh , very close . Maybe 5 minutes walk . 	Who will meet you at the airport ? 
 I'd prefer a black one . 	Welcome , Li Mei . Please give me your coat and hat . 
 Right here . Me and my PC . Home sweet home . 	I can't believe Mr . Fro didn't buy it . Who does that guy think he is anyway ? Bill Gates ? 
 Ok . Good . I want two side by side tickets in the Economy cabinet . Thank you . 	What is your most preferred training method ? 
 Neither can I . 	Karen ? I need to go over a few things with you . 
 Yes , it is ! 	Um , what will you do this weekend ? 
 All right . 	Excuse me . In this museum , you are not supposed to take pictures . 
 I'm totally with you on that . 	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK . 
 No , but we ’ ll provide you with good businesses at the end of the year . 	Hi , Mark ! Long time no see ! 
 You're right ! I will call him this weekend and meet him . 	Can I trouble you for some change ? 
 Whatever , I ’ m going next door I heard Mrs . Robinson is giving out big bags of M & Ms ! 	I don't think you've met my sister , Mary . 
 It's my pleasure . 	What do you think about all the different diets people go on ? 
 Yes , I'll make a note of that and ask Mr.Li to confirm . 	OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement . 
 I hope so . 	Oh , my God ! What's this ? 
 Thanks . I had learned so much from you and our colleagues . 	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you . 
 No thank you . I ’ d like to send it just by normal post . 	How do you feel about that restaurant ? 
 Get out of my store , you jerk ! 	Did you watch the Premiership last night ? 
 Ok . 	Have you seen that house ? 
 I will enjoy seeing you ; have a good week ! 	Hey Joanne . What are you up to ? 
 I'd like to have some more . It's really good . 	Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere . 
 Is says here that it ’ s a war memorial . Now , there ’ s a distinctive structure-the stomium in Brussels . See ? It consists of several connected by cylinders . I believe you can go up and down inside it . 	I really should be on my way . 
 Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight . 	I can ’ t believe the cost of apartments in New York City . 
 You are welcome . 	Could we go over some things , because I think my test score is wrong . 
 We can do that . It'll just cost you extra . 	I need to go to the bank . 
 I saw your green post-it notes . Nobody else has them . 	Excuse me , haven't we met somewhere before ? 
 Very well then . 	Good morning , sir . 
 That's fine . We've allowed forty-eight hours to be on the safe side . 	Hey Mei Hong , how are you getting to Xi ’ an next week ? 
 Sir , leave the house if the fire draws any closer to your house . Our men will be over in 5 minutes . 	Do you have a bf ? 
 Thank you . I appreciate the time you've given to me . 	Hi , Julie . I was in your neighborhood and I'd like to drop by . 
 Well , go home and rest up . Make sure you check the website for your assignments . 	Hello everyone , and welcome to our CPR for beginners course.First of all , does anyone know what CPR stands for ? 
 Sure . So let's see . We need a piece of wood 3.5 m long by 1 m wide . I'll order it right away and I'll be able to install it next Tuesday . 	Fair-Priced Fares , how may I help you ? 
 Ok , let's go . 	Look out ! Your tea water is running over . 
 You're welcome . 	Mark is parade his knowledge again . 
 Yes , it's not good for me or for the environment . 	Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ? 
 Yes , okay . 	Hello , is everything alright ? Can I help ? 
 Great ! Many thanks ! 	How is everything going with your girlfriend ? 
 Terrific ! B . A . , again and again-B . A . 	So , are we all behind this new project ? 
 Thanks . 	Reservation , may I help you ? 
 OK ! I shall . 	Whoa ! This is a massive flea market ! 
 I'm happy to hear that . Here is your key . Just dial 0 if you need anything . 	Are you still working day and night ? 
 So cool ! Can I get a load of it ? 	Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? 
 Ah ! That sounds interesting . 	Mary , why don't you come to my house this Saturday ? 
 It ’ s so cool ! 	Why did Tom quit the job ? 
 Yes . It depends . If you have a large order , we will give you a discount . 	I will never forget Linda . After all , she was my first lover . 
 I have to say that's just the result of difference of our consumptive habits . 	Hi , Mary , long time no see . 
 I have no idea . 	Nancy , please turn the TV down . 
 What ? 	Excuse me . Can you direct me to the toy department , please ? 
 I'll get the first aid box . There's some antiseptic cream and a bandage in there . 	Thank you for a lovely day . I really enjoyed it . 
 Let ’ s do it ! 	I don ’ t know why bucks have such a great charm that a great many people are after nothing else . 
 Bye . 	Do you like travelling ? 
 Thank you for the compliment and for calling G . O . T . Travel Agency . Have a nice trip ! 	My son came home from three years in the navy . 
 The more you work , the more you earn . 	What time does the next train to London leave ? 
 Be careful . 	Good morning . Welcome to Time After Time Watches . 
 Good idea ! Well , Joan , I have something important to tell you . 	He came to work late every day that week . Then on Friday , he didn't show up at all . 
 But he has suffered a lot . 	Hello , this is Peter Dixon from NEZ news radio . May I speak to Mr . Wilson please ? 
 Yeah , and the funniest thing was , that he jumped on to his chair and started shrieking like a girl . You had to be there ! Everyone was staring and laughing ... it was hilarious ! 	Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now . 
 Thank you . 	I hate doing the damn laundry . 
 Year ! They are unreliable sometimes . 	Let's have lunch together today . 
 My condolences . 	Are you going to buy a bicycle ? 
 Supper ! 	Can I give you a lift home , Mrs Word ? 
 It's ok . 	How can I help you today , Alice ? 
 Sorry , I was delayed by something and stuck in traffic . 	Can I help you ? 
 Keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it . 	Hi ! How are things going with you ? 
 It's this cold weather we're having . 	How do I use this adhesive ? 
 But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor ! 	Can you recognize that woman , Millie ? 
 Of course . 	So do you believe in palmistry ? 
 No , thanks . 	Hello , may I speak to Mr . Robert the Human Resources Manager ? 
 Just hang on there a sec . Can I get a price check on Fun Times Ribbed Condoms please ! 	Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God . 
 Of course I forgive you . What are friends for ? Now , what am I going to do for that other guy ? 	Did you already wash your clothes today ? 
 ... I am seeing someone . This is Yi-jun , my ... 	How many years have you done business with China ? 
 You can ’ t do that ! It ’ s illegal ! 	Hilton hotel , may I help you ? 
 Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working . 	Hi , again . Can I get you some more fruit ? 
 Now I want you to look some pictures . 	How about this opera given by the famous musician ? 
 Of course to me . 	Song , I hate to say goodbye , but I have to . 
 Don ’ t count on it . 	I'm glad we live in a small town . 
 Well , don't get bend on a ship about it . 	Excuse me . Can you take me to the airport ? 
 Exactly . Herry is almost broken now . 	To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ? 
 No problem , just get rid of the bugs ! 	OK . Everything is in the bag . 
 Yes , please . Thank you for everything . 	Will I get notification that I qualify for unemployment ? 
 Just a second . I'll go get some . 	have you ever thought about your ideal home ? 
 Great . 	Good morning , Mr . Zhang , this is Jimmy calling from Polaroid Company . 
 Thank you for choosing Bruno's . We look forward to seeing you on the 2nd . 	Guess what I've brought for you . 
 Thank you . 	Can you offer the Five Insurances for me ? 
 I ’ m thinking of making an album , you know . 	Hi . Bob ! We've been working hard at our lessons for a fortnight . So why don't we take it easy this weekend ? 
 Well ... the beer sounds good ! 	I need a taxi to the airport . 
 They're in Aisle Two . 	How long have you been living in New York ? 
 Not anymore . Now I work nine hours a day , and I get a good sleep almost every night . No more burning the candle at both ends . 	There's someone coming . 
 I'll try the vegetarian , please . 	What's wrong with you ? 
 Only if you pay your fine . 	Would you please bring me the black suit ? I want to try it on . 
 Great ! I can teach you men a thing or two about shopping ! 	Liz , do you have a minute ? 
 Yes . We can make great efforts to make it become true as long as we have a clear goal . 	You don't have to play that record so loud , do you ? 
 Oh , I'm not certain , but I think I've lost it . 	Well , what is your trouble ? 
 That ’ s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ... 	Hi , are you being helped ? 
 Oh dear . Well , get well soon and try to be more careful in future . 	Come in and have some coffee , Anna . The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends . 
 You are welcome . Have a nice day . 	Excuse me , I'd like to send this parcel . 
 It moved slowly up the stairs , step by step , and I could hear its approaching footsteps . When it finally got to the top of the stairs , I realized that it was my father in his green pajamas . He had gone to get a late night snack . 	Gucci , you look serious . I wish you ’ d let your hair down . 
 It sounds so moving . 	Have you got any outdoor interests ? 
 I think I've got used to work under pressure . I will adjust myself to the step of your newspaper quickly . 	Peter , do you want to learn to play the piano ? 
 Two . 	ABC Company , my name is Lucy . How can I help you ? 
 I don't know.It ' s still up in tha air . 	Can I see your ticket please ? 
 Thank you . Put the charge on my bills , please . 	I went to visit a customer in IVS Company the other day . Their offices were very impressive , especially their company Logo which is all over the place . There are Logo models in metal , copper , clove , paper . They are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . It is really decorated identity . 
 Which one of these is the gas pedal ? 	What are you hiding in your coat pocket ? 
 It starts at 7:00 and lasts 3 hours . 	Watch out ! 
 Sure . 	Good.Now what kind of job do you want ? Mr.Wilson ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I can ’ t wait to retire . 
 Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it . 	Who's that striking woman over there ? 
 I feel I really stupid . 	Today more and more people advocate lifelong learning . But people have different views about lifelong learning . How do you understand lifelong learning ? 
 Bingo could never do that . He stays in the house except when we take him to the park . 	I have two finals this week and one oral presentation and I'm not ready for any of them ! 
 He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too ! 	What's the matter ? 
 I just took a shot in the dark . 	You are studying here , aren ’ t you ? 
 I don't care . You know better than to hit him . Go sit on your bed for 10 minutes . 	Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I will . Thanks for your advice . 	Do I have to take these books here if I want to renew them ? 
 Oh , that's a nasty cough . Let me feel your head . You're on fire ! 	Could you do me a favor ? 
 Let me run through a couple of other options with you . That way , you can make a more informed decision . 	Mr . Lin , what are you interested in ? 
 I am sure I can get a 95 this time . 	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . 
 Well , for city dwellers , the Spring Festival is a holiday of seven days . While in the country where traditions are still heavily emphasized , the festival lasts ten days . 	Walter , did you email that document to Mr . Lin yesterday ? 
 I'll give it a try . 	Do you think the bad weather will last long ? 
 I'll charge it . Here's my card . 	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ? 
 OK . 	I was wondering if you could help me to get a library card . 
 Yeah , me too . 	Could you help me prepare for my presentation on Friday ? 
 It ’ s all so interesting . I ’ ll have to find more information about it on the internet . Or perhaps I should try and attend your geography class . 	I ’ d love to have my own farm . 
 That ’ s really not my problem . 	Are you married ? 
 You have good taste . Let my show you what I have . 	So did you get in touch with your brother ? 
 You can send a compressed one . 	May I help you ? 
 Exactly ! Move your arms in a relaxed manner . Well . don't stretch yourfingers stiffly . Just keep them in a natural shape . 	Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English ? 
 Thank you again . I'll keep doing my best . 	I'm planning on going to the market soon . 
 Of course not . 	Hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door . 
 It certainly was ! So , what are you going to do with your windfall ? 	Mr . Lee , I was wondering if you and your wife had plans for next Friday night ? 
 Okay . You ’ re hired . 	Do you like jazz , Tom ? 
 I hope you will have second thoughts . 	When do you go to bed usually ? 
 Happy Independence Day ! 	Excuse me . I get confused that the two phones on the booth are different , can you tell me how to use them ? 
 The leopard print sounds fabulous . OK , I'll take it . 	I believe you ordered the Grand Slam breakfast . 
 Oh , that's too bad . 	You're acting weird tonight . 
 And he's so handsome . 	Hi , Bob , this is John Lin . 
 Great , thanks a lot . 	I think it's about time that we had to go . 
 It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase ! 	Lisa , is there a milk section ? 
 Yes , he sings wonderfully . 	Good morning , Room Service . May I help you ? 
 Well , I don't think so . 	Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ? 
 Then let's go to that store . 	Hey , Mary , can you cut that out ? 
 I think green apples are a lot better . 	Linda , it's really late . Let's call it a day . 
 Okay . 	Would you please teach me how to use the computer ? 
 Absolutely . 	hello ! How are you today ? 
 Of course I know . But there is too high a rate . Frankly speaking , the maximum discount we can make is 6 % . 	That was heaven ! 
 Oh , I see . I think I prefer a natural one . 	Excuse me , can you tell me where is the taxi stand ? 
 All right . 	Do you eat a lot of healthy food ? 
 Three months ? Incredible ! 	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ? 
 Good night . 	Is there a lot of crime in your city ? 
 Yeah , me too . 	Excuse me . 
 He's with someone right now , would you hold ? 	May I help you ? 
 Thank you . I won ’ t miss it . 	Hello , Anna speaking ! 
 Oh , yes , I would ! 	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! 
 You are welcome . 	Hello , this is Chen Kun . I am booked on flight LJ88 for Barcelona on Jan . 19th . 
 It depends . 	How may I help you ? 
 Yes , We have . 	Do you like ice skating ? 
 That ’ s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ? 	What can I do for you today ? 
 I think that you have covered all the important points already.But if I have any questions later I will contact you . 	OK , so now the last point on our agenda . Jill , let's go over the profit and loss statement . 
 Yep , it should be here by tomorrow night . 	What's wrong ? 
 It ’ s going to be $ 25 . 	Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? 
 I am getting to know your meaning . 	Hello , Jack here . 
 You said it . 	I'm sorry . I've lost my tags and receipt . How can I do about it ? 
 If you ever need a job , let me know . I can always train you . 	Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . 
 He's such a mother hen . 	Are you telling us a lie again ? 
 I'm from Canada . 	Good morning . I've come here to inquire whether I can get a visa to your country ? 
 Here you are . 	That was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook . 
 Ok , then we can sign up for it together . 	Excuse me , do you have a vacancy ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Come in , young man . 
 Let me help you make one this year . 	wow ! You're going to Tibet ? 
 ok , let's go . 	I think I should join a fitness centre . I am getting a little fat and I'm totally out of shape . Even a quick walk of a few hundred metres leaves me out of breath . 
 Thanks a lot ! 	Excuse me , which way is to the post office ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome to Credit Services . How can I help you ? 
 Yes , you have 2 weeks paid vacation a year , and you get it additional week after 4 years , and then again , after 9 years if you decide to stay that long , we promote from within based on performance , so there is an excellent chance that you could become a sales manager or even a region manager . 	Doctor , I slipped and fell on my way to school . The ground is so slippery from the snow . It seems I can't move my left arm now . 
 Thank you . 	I'm in 507 , and I have a big problem . 
 Thanks . 	Did you vote ? 
 I'll give you something . I want you to take it easy and come back in a couple of days . 	The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break ! 
 These are specially designed for the year 2000 ! 	hey Ayden , I was wondering if you could do me a favor . 
 You can bet on that . 	How was the movie last night ? 
 Variety shows and talk shows , I think . 	Well , I must be off now . I have an appointment at six . 
 I'm from Chicago . 	Excuse me , what time do you expect to land in Berlin ? 
 Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy . 	Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper ? 
 I understand . 	Did you check before you left the shop ? 
 I am ready I am going to get , let's start ! 	Do you have any plan to buy a house in this city ? 
 I can't . I am really behind of my work . 	This is the last of the milk . 
 Sounds not bad . 	Excuse me . 
 That's terrific.Thank you . 	Has the game started yet ? 
 He must have just got online for the first time last week . He still thinks it's some kind of new toy . 	This place serves good breakfasts , don't you think ? 
 Because if you drink a kind of tea which has been prepared for some time before , it will do you harm . 	Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . 
 Thank you , sir . Just a moment , please . 	Julia , why have you prepared a candlelight dinner ? Anything special to celebrate ? Did you get a promotion ? 
 Great ! I ’ ll just sit here and wait . 	Hello.Hot water overflowed from the bathtub.Will you help me ? 
 She is indeed well . But she would not give anyone a tumble , you bet . 	We have the capital ready.Right now I am looking at three different companies to produce our products.And your company , Mr . Chen , seems to me to be the best for what we want . 
 That ’ s more like it ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 OK . 	Hey Jackie . What are you doing ? 
 No problem . 	This paper absorbs water so quickly ! 
 It ’ s about time ! 	Did you enjoy that new movie ? 
 Thank you for your inviting me . See you then . Bye Tom . 	Good evening . 
 I just felt that the paper couldn ’ t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest . 	Look , George , There's the Great Wall . 
 We are interested in cloth made in China . The clothes are sold very well here . We are a big location supplier for the northeast market here . I'm thinking that we'll have some business opportunities . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes . I hope so . 	What's all this noise about ? 
 Oh , sorry to hear that . Listen , I ’ Ve got a rush order . Can you help me out ? 	Mary , set your alarm clock for seven tomorrow morning . 
 Thank you . 	Why am I being arrested ? 
 I see what you mean ! 	To be a revolutionary needs great courage ! 
 You're welcome . Enjoy your meal . Press the call button if you need any more help . 	Excuse me.sir . Can I have look at the timetable please ? 
 OK , I'll take a small , for 1 year , in this branch , please . 	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week.Would you like to come ? 
 I am bilingual , English and Russian . 	What is your nationality ? 
 I know , I know . But someone took offence . 	Hello , reservation desk . Can I help you ? 
 I want to take them to court . 	Hello . Can I speak to Anne ? 
 You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy . 	Our Afghan customers wanna buy China's tea . I am thinking of placing an order with you . 
 Ha-ha ! You got me there ! 	I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . 
 Thank you . 	May I invite you to dance with me ? 
 That's good . 	Excuse me , are cameras allowed here ? 
 Why not ? 	Does your company have a large population ? 
 My title was Project Manager . There were almost 100 people under my supervision . 	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face . 
 Yes , that ’ s right . But I had no idea I would be charged for all this . Thank goodness my company will let me reimburse all this . 	You can take this car into consideration . It works well and its price is reasonable . 
 Very well , I can ring you up over here , sir . 	What do you think of the way people use and treat animals ? 
 I am afraid no . It is not covered by this insurance . 	Lee , I'm going to get married next month . 
 Then you'll have to think of something better , Robert . 	Good morning , I would like to make a doctor ’ s appointment . 
 Good , thanks . I look forward to hearing from you . 	Do you like traveling , Kathy ? 
 Yes , with pleasure . 	What do you think of the new mayor ? 
 Wonderful . 	Jenny , what's your favorite color ? 
 All right , if there's no hold-ups . 	Hi . What can I get for you ? 
 That ’ s all right . I ’ ll be finished in a little while . 	First of all , thank you for accepting this job . 
 Thank you . 	Which school are you attending ? 
 Can't you see the notes there ? It says ' No smoking here ' . 	do you like animals ? 
 OK , I'll tell him . 	Good , morning ! Can I help you ? 
 Thanks . Yes ... that's all in order . What we will do now is send the L / C amendment to the negotiating bank . As soon as we know anything , we'll contact you . 	Tomorrow's Carl's birthday ? 
 Ok . I can't wait to see it . Let's go ! 	What can I do for you , Miss ? 
 Hello , Janet.It ' s me ... Oh , fine.Just fine.Say , Janet , I was wondering if you and Tom were doing anything tonight ... No ? Well.would you like to come by our place and play a few hands of bridge ? 	Have you ever sung with a karaoke ? 
 Give me a break . 	So how was your interview ? 
 Sure . I will . 	How many languages can you speak ? 
 You bet . You should try it yourself . 	Have you heard about Anlesen David ? 
 No . That ’ s all . Thank you . 	How are things with you ? 
 Sure thing . 	Hello , can I help you ? 
 That's right . 	It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job ? 
 Good idea . I think you ’ ll like it if you give it a chance . 	Steve . Is that you ? 
 See you . 	Jim . I heard you got a promotion ! 
 I will sometime . Thanks for the advice . 	Do Mona and Jim need a new house ? 
 No , I'm in Class There . 	I'd like to request some more amenities . 
 It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried . 	Good morning . I ’ m Mickey Huang , I have an appointment with Mr wilson . 
 Very good . 	Tom , aren ’ t you a little too old to be trick-or - treating ? 
 Yeah , but it's hard to forget her at moment . You know , we were together for almost five years . It's really hard ... 	ok , so what have you got in store for me tonight ? 
 Good idea . 	Let's see if we forget anything . 
 That ’ s all right . 	How do you do ? I need your help in selecting a foreign market to invest ! 
 Okay ! Bye ! 	Excuse me , Ma ' am . I would like to mail this package door to door via airmail to London . It is a very important package and has to be sent within 3 days . 
 Thank you . 	It's a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 Great , have a good day , thanks again for the offer . 	Good morning ! My name is John White , import manager of the Garden Trading Company of New York . 
 Bye-bye . 	What is wrong with your face ? 
 Both , but the rules of playing cards vary in different places . 	My mom is three years older than my dad , and they are like night and day.My mom is 5 footsweet and very nice , and very caring , and very cute , everybody tells her how young she looks , and how she resembles my sister , perhaps.My father is very much completely opposite that.He is a very bi 4 , on a good day , 5 foot 2 , I think in real life , and she is very nice . 
 So in foreign trade , you must be very clear about language differences . 	Jim and you are bosom friends , aren't you ? 
 It was nice to meet you , too . And thanks for coming in today . 	The Johnson are on their way back . You remember them , don't you ? 
 Sure . Let ’ s go . 	Good morning , Madam . How can I be of service ? 
 Fine too . 	Drop me at the Manhattan Post Office . 
 You are welcome . 	I need to buy some fruit . 
 My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags . 	How much does it cost to rent a mid-size car ? 
 Thank you very much . 	I want to change rooms . In fact , I want a refund for tonight ! 
 Try to catch this bouquet then . 	Where will you go in your vacation ? 
 It was a piece of cake . 	Excuse me , waiter . I have just dropped the spoon onto the ground . Would you please bring me another one ? 
 No . It's out of the question . 	Help ! Help ! 
 But I thought it was . Anyway . I am in a hurry . Here is the money . 	I used to be down on the sales people until I saw her in action . 
 It sounds interesting . 	Good afternoon , what can I do for you today ? 
 Wow , you are the expert on it . 	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ? 
 My domicile place is Nanjing , too . 	This little wooden stick is called a tee . 
 I'll go back to the office and get it sorted and pop back later . Thanks , bye for now . 	Johnny , you did badly on the test . I think you haven't been studying enough . Am I right ? 
 oh , he really should . 	Hi Kara , this is Mike . 
 You're welcome . 	May I help you ? 
 Grabbing , pushing and shoving ... 	So , is L . A . all it's cracked up to be ? 
 That's OK . 	Have you made a reservation , sir ? 
 OK . You can keep it as long as you need . 	There was a serious disturbance in the street this morning . 
 I see . 	Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight . 
 Yeah , and they also take the blame , that's what happened to my old boss ... 	Hello , this is Sheila from Huawei Corp . Is that Li Lei ? 
 And the plot is so simple . 	I need help picking out a lotion . 
 Thank you very much . 	Morning , Tom . 
 Next left then right ? OK . 	Did you ever get your bus pass ? 
 Yes . Don ’ t you think he should be pitied rather than accused ? 	May I help you ? Miss ! 
 You are , why not ask for a date ? 	Looks like dinner's ready . 
 Okay , Mr . Horn , see you tomorrow at 10:30 . 	Lisa , I'm home . 
 Yeah . It ’ s exciting . This month we ’ re doing crossword puzzles . 	How are you , Mr . Stone ? I m Farley . 
 Our quoted price includes the software system , installation , 3 day training seminar and ongoing troubleshooting.There are no hidden costs . 	Good morning . I'd like to buy tickets to Paris . 
 Jogging , yoga , or even just taking a walk . 	How are you tonight , sir ? 
 Well , see you next monday . 	Check the mirror . How do you like it ? 
 I ’ m a GS - 15 . That ’ s high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage . 	Daniel , what are you doing here ? Aren't you supposed to be at school now ? 
 I'm here on vacation . 	Good coming , Sir . 
 Thank you very much . 	Veronica ! Veronica ! Veronica ! Are you OK ? 
 Yes , of course , here you are . The prices are subject to our confirmation . 	Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 
 My pleasure . 	Do you know what you're going to do this weekend ? 
 OK . I promise . Thank you , Mom . 	Don't use a hair spray . I want my hair set and dried . 
 Yes , you are right . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Thanks , honey , that was a great meal . I ’ m stuffed . Do we have any chips left ? 	Wasn't that a great flick ? I was on the edge of my seat through the whole movie . 
 Now I can tell you're definitely addicted to the overflow of information 	I would much rather see her once or twice and not do anything about it — — what could I about it anyway ? 
 I bet AC Milan will lose . 	What's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired . 
 Right now , I think I need to really focus on matters at home , but thanks for a nice evening . 	It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ? 
 Sure . Any time . 	Hello , Cindy . Congratulations ! I hear you ’ re getting married . 
 You , too . Thanks for your help . 	Now I know why I split up with Mike . We found we were simply not good for each other . 
 Thank you . I will . 	Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning . 
 Son , it looks great on you . 	Hello . Gail Willows speaking . 
 No ! The egg came first ! 	How much will it amount to ? 
 Oh , you men ! You're all the same . 	Good morning . What seems to be the problem ? 
 OK , I will take one . 	May I help you ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Is Bob home ? 
 I'm here on business . 	Are you ready , Pa ? 
 It's OK . I'll leave the pamphlet here . If you need more information , you can call me any time . 	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thought . 
 Sounds like fun . You can count me in ! Just give me directions to the restaurant . 	Hello , Susan , it ’ s me , An . 
 Thank you . 	What is your temperature now ? 
 Oh , actually , Tuesday ’ s no good . Sorry about that . 	Hi ! This is Tome Smith . 
 No , I couldn't care less ! 	Beth , would you like me to help you carry it ? 
 We love it . But we'd like to know about the neighbors . 	How much are these in all ? 
 I know . If a policeman catches you using the cell phone while driving , you will be fined . 	Good morning , Mr.Black . I am the new secretary . 
 That will be good . 	How about we go to the flea market today ? 
 You are welcome ! 	Good morning , sir . Could I be of any service to you ? 
 You're right , Sarah . I was a fool . I can't believe it . How could I fall for such a trick ? 	Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel ? 
 I am sure they will be pleased . 	Open the book and turn to page 10 . 
 Take it easy . Be confident of yourself . I'm sure you can do it . 	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service . 
 I ’ ll make sure he gets the message . 	Can you tell me where the supply shop is ? 
 I'll see you later then . Have a great day ! 	Do you buy that newspaper every day ? 
 Hang in there . It ’ ll all come together one of these days . 	Is everything all right ? 
 All right , I ’ ll put you in my book . 	Did you hear peter just retired ? 
 Yeah , it's a block away down the street . 	Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ? 
 If I'm awake . 	Hi , Lander . What's wrong ? 
 You are welcome . Have a safe trip . 	Can you fix me a cup of tea , Johnny ? 
 really ? I don ’ t see the attraction . I ’ m afraid of mice . 	Were you late for work this morning ? 
 I can't agree more . Okay , time is up . Let's do the last thing . 	Well , no one could survive without water , but you see pollution has been making more and more water unable for drinking . 
 Yes . That ’ s for today . Thank you . 	Hello , can I start you off with anything to drink ? 
 Fine . 	Look , daddy is on again . Don't you think he is handsome ? 
 I wouldn ’ t do that if I were you . There is a severe penalty if you get caught making false statements . 	I decided to give it a go ! 
 This is Jim . He is our office assistant . 	You've decided that you definitely want to purchase this particular one ? 
 This is going to be a major production for you ! 	Hey , what's up ? 
 Don ’ t give me your attitude . Please tell me . 	Sit down , please . Mr . Tang , do you bring any paper or certificate with you ? 
 Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone . 	Are there any hobbies you do ? 
 why not ? I don't have anything better to do ! 	Can you tell me where the produce is ? 
 Forgive me darling . I'm very tired . 	A report says running red lights causes one thousand traffic accidents every year . 
 Two copies ? One to keep and one to cut the pictures out of , right ? 	You seem depressed these days . What's the matter ? 
 Thank you very much . 	I will take part in the finals soon . 
 No , certainly not . 	Are you ready for a second ? 
 OK . I'll take it . 	What is wrong with Peter ? He sure looks unhappy . 
 I will think about it . 	Hi Rose , what are you busy with right now ? 
 How about Mac Donald's ? 	Acknowledgments play a necessary part in the interview . 
 I mean you couldn't give it up ! 	John ? Can you come over here for a second ? 
 But there are still other big problems we need to solve such as prolonged weightlessness , food storage , and a series of physiological effects . 	Hey , Ted . What are you up to this Friday ? 
 ok . I ’ ll let you know when I ’ Ve sorted out my clothes . 	Hey , Cindy , I'm so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn't have yelled at you in front of everyone . 
 Well , that was fun . Let's do it again soon . 	Since China was open to the outside world , its trade forms have become much more flexible . One of these commonly used forms is co-production . Would you please do a bit explanation of it , Mr . Walker ? 
 Goodbye ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 You're welcome . 	I lost track of time , am I late ? 
 Sure . 	Welcome to Galant . How can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	I'd like to go to Suzhou next week . Do you know how to get there by train ? 
 He told me the tests were negative and there was nothing wrong with me . 	Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith . 
 No problem . 	He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means . 
 No , there's no charge for those . 	Excuse me , do you know where the visa office is ? 
 The thing with large countries is that often they have vast areas of land that are useless or hardly used . Russia and Canada have enormous areas of ice and forest . 	Did I do well on my driving test ? 
 Fine . 	I don't think I'm getting better . 
 Yes . I'll be back at the same time as usual . 	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ? 
 Last night he told the children acliff-hangerstory and both of them were scared out of sleep . 	Bob , you look pale . What happened ? 
 Depends . 	May I come in ? 
 Well then , we are all straight . Have a good day and thanks for bringing that to my attention . 	May I see your ticket , please ? 
 that ’ s all right . 	Have you decided where to go for the vacation ? 
 Don't mention it . That's what friends are for ! 	What do you plan to do on Sunday morning ? 
 How can it be ? We are a tough team as well . 	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ? 
 But it's Sunday , isn't it ? 	May , could you bring this note to Professor Li for me today ? 
 You are so kind . Thanks . 	You look so excited . What happened ? 
 Yes , he is familiar with the plan . 	Excuse me , can you suggest a good book for me to read ? 
 the area can be a bit rough in the evenings , but the neighbors watch out for each other , so it ’ s ok . 	Judy , your husband has a really nice car . 
 Here you are . 	I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little . 
 Please do . I'll be waiting for your reply . 	Oh , there is something wrong with my car . 
 Thanks for letting me know . I feel relieved now . 	Who do you think will win the championship ? 
 Great ! Thank you very much . 	Did you need help with something ? 
 No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra . 	Excuse me ? Do you have anything for a carsickness ? 
 Oh , I remember . It was about 10 o'clock . When I was about to go to bed , suddenly I heard help outside . 	I want to take a photograph . 
 Thanks . 	How can I help you ? 
 OK , dear sister , I see . This kind of thing will not happen again . 	This suit looks nice.Can I try it on ? 
 I'll have that too . 	Switchboard . Which extension would you like ? 
 Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour . 	Do you have any hobbies ? 
 I've never been better , thanks . 	You're having coffee , aren't you ? 
 Maybe there's something wrong with her . 	I think I may try to eat a little better . 
 It absolutely was a great meal . We'll have to return here for lunch sometime . 	Where do you usually do your shopping , Mrs . Lane ? 
 I wish I could , but I won't . 	Why are you so angry , darling ? 
 It is my pleasure to have her in my class . 	Do you know how late it is ? 
 We'll discuss this when you place your order with us . 	May I help you ? 
 Hang up and I'll call you back in a few minutes . 	Let's come to an agreement to salary . 
 I don ’ t want to post my personal information on the internet . I ’ m not knowing who is reading it . 	Have you ever been to Xi ’ an ? 
 I was in New York for a wedding . 	Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . 
 Yes , you can see every test for the past five years . You can compare them . 	I hear little Bob has recovered . 
 Can't you see the notes there ? It says No smoking here . 	It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . 
 Not really . That ’ s pretty heavy metal . 	Order ! 
 No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy . 	I've never been to a restaurant like this before . 
 That's nice and easy . Thanks for your time . 	Hi , come on in . Can I take your coat ? 
 Yes . I'd delighted if you did . 	Excuse me , professor . I need to go home now . 
 You had champagne for the girl . 	have you seen bill recently ? 
 Next left then right ? OK . 	Hi Jane , you look great . 
 I got it . 	What did you cook ? 
 Oh , sorry sir . We take no tips here . Thank you all the same . 	Good afternoon , Johnson . 
 Thank you for appreciating it . 	I'd like to buy a fridge . What about the quality of higher products ? 
 Yes , you are right . And I was so tired out that I fell asleep on the way back . My muscles are still stiff from the swim yesterday . 	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? 
 OK . 	Mr . Smith , while you're out , the sales department called and asked you to lunch next Wednesday . 
 I wish I could stay longer , but I must be going . 	Have you found another job yet , Sally ? 
 Mark . 	Will you bring our bill , please ? 
 He's outgoing and honest , but sometimes he's a bit conservative . 	What are you going to take ? 
 Hello ? Yes . Someone has passed out at Connecticut Ave . and 1st St . He isn ’ t breathing and does not have a pulse . Yes . My friend is performing CPR . OK . Thank you . They ’ re sending an ambulance . Here , let me help . 	Wow , Is winter always this cold in Taiwan ? 
 Just like dear old London ! 	Oh , you can rest assured that they'll be no problem . 
 OK.Now you can pick your fabric and pattern design . Please follow me . 	Would you like to come by and play bridge ? 
 Sure , I ' ll have a Corona . 	Hi ! Susan ! I haven't seen you for ages ! 
 Yes , I did . 	I found an apartment to rent . 
 Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career . 	Hello , madam . Would you like to take a look at our products ? They are high-tech items . 
 Maybe you are right . 	Will you give your friends a buzz and put out a feeler to see if they like to offer me a loan ? 
 Oh , that ’ s too bad . 	In foreign trade , language differences are very important . 
 Well , he is a hard case . Everyone would feel headache about him . 	Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other . 
 That's fine . Let me get your meat . 	Is your father in the habit of having naps ? 
 I'm sorry we can't handle the price you offered . 	So Peter , do you have a favorite comedy ? 
 Thank you . 	Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office ? 
 No , I don't . I can't stand them ! ! 	Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Yes , actually , the song has been sung since its publication in 1932.People all over the world have sung it in many different languages . 	Waiter , come here please . Could we have a doggie bag ? 
 Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun . 	Did you hear about Lulu ? 
 Sure . 	Hey . I'm a visitor from China . I love your music . It's the best I've ever heard . Will you please spare a little bit of time for me ? 
 No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . 	That is the most beautiful sunset ! 
 Thank you very much 	Ernie , I'm really excited about starting this band together . We're going to be the two coolest students on campus . 
 I don't have any plans . 	Everyone wants to be financial lose kill . You must invest your savings if you planed to retire rich . I ’ m thinking about buying stocks . It can be a good investment if I can manage well . What do you say ? 
 The secret is persistence . 	Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ? 
 Perfect . It really hits the spot . 	Thank you for calling ABC company , may I help you ? 
 It's too good to be true . 	Here we are . This is Wangfujing Street . 
 Great . Thanks for you advice ! 	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning . 
 Bye-bye . 	Congratulations on the new house ! 
 I guess so . 	What ? How could you forget to reserve the concert tickets ? 
 Ugh ! 	I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ? 
 OK . Thank you . Goodbye . 	How large is the plant ? 
 What about your accounts ? 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 It seems that they really enjoy trying to go faster , higher and further . 	How was the party yesterday ? 
 sounds great . see you then . 	How beautiful the flower is ! 
 I can't believe it 。 	OK , sir . Your suit will be available in five days . 
 OK , I think I've got it . 	Do you know where I can find old music boxes ? 
 You are in luck . The traffic is not heavy today . 	Have you seen the movie Batwoman ? 
 I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers . 	Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ? 
 Thank you so much . I'll find the nearest branch and come in tomorrow . Thanks again for all of your help . 	Good morning , sir . Here is the hotel's sauna room . What can I do for you ? 
 Yeah , I come here every now and then . 	Hello , ma ’ am . Can I help you ? 
 Right . 	What sort of things do you grow in your garden ? 
 We can certainly give you faster turn around , but it will cost you extra . 	I really need to go shopping . 
 Sounds good . Thanks a lot . 	Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head ! 
 You're lucky . 	I just got sacked . 
 She a as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ? 	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today . 
 You got it . 	What post have you held before ? 
 That will probably be Ok . 	Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days ? 
 Let's do it . 	Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party ? 
 Please yourself . 	It doesn't look very nice outside today . 
 Maybe you'll think about this before you decide to run another light . 	Your hand is bleeding . What have you done to it ? 
 All right . But tell him I will only be here until four o'clock . 	So , tell me , what makes you think we should give you a raise ? 
 Very well , thanks . 	Do you like that vintage clock ? It's almost fifty years old . 
 That will probably take care of your symptoms . I ’ ll see you tomorrow . 	Read Jimmy's card to me please , Janey . 
 Good idea . That might help . 	My son has really taken it out of me . He never keeps out of mischief . 
 I'm planning on going , but I really need her to give me my invitation . 	We are doing ' Secret Santa ' at the office again this year . 
 Nope . 	How long do you plan on staying ? 
 Great ! Wait here ? You don ’ t have enough room for the amplifiers , microphones or even your drums ! By the way where do you keep them or practice ? 	Look , my clothes are wet . 
 Easier said than done . 	Why did you buy that painting ? 
 Thank you very much . Hope you enjoy your stay . 	He is penny wise and pound-foolish . 
 Look , is that Tom ? 	Why are you cut up recently , Nancy ? 
 There might be a loose connection somewhere that's making the safety switch trip . Check the settings on the trip-switch . If you can't fix it yourself , call in an electrician . 	Even with volume sales our costs for the Exec User won't go down much . 
 my advisor ? 	Excuse me , sir ? 
 Good idea . 	I have to do some shopping . 
 But the most of the transoceanic cargo transportation is still carried by boat . 	Good morning ! I am a rookie in our office . 
 Yes'm . 	You know , Mary , I feel we meet somewhere before . Where were you born ? 
 I like that joke , but I hope it's true . 	Excuse me , is this the parcel post counter ? 
 I'll plan for the vacation . 	Front desk . May I help you ? 
 If you really think so , in my opinion you should give up this feeling completely . 	Look ! It's clearing up . 
 Come on , it's easy , and it'll make you feel good . Why don't you come with me tonight ? 	Would you like to come out with me tonight ? 
 Thank you , ma'am . Forty-three cents change . Have a nice day . 	Dad , hurry ! The train is coming . Aha , I am a superman . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Hello , it's nice to meet you . 
 It ’ s all right . I don ’ t mind being busy ! 	Please pull your table down . It's lunch hour . 
 Yes , I'm dating someone . Her name is Amanda . 	what can I do for you , sir ? 
 Here is your boarding pass . Have a nice day . 	How are you , Kim ? I haven ’ t seen you around for a few days . 
 That'll be fine . 	How's it going ? 
 Thank you . 	But his wife has wide relations . You may ask her for advice . 
 OK , thank you . 	Do you really like this straw hat , dear ? 
 You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ’ d be lost without you . I won ’ t let you go anyway . 	You have to finish your dinner before you leave the table . 
 A piece of cake . You'll be successful . 	This is great , isn't it ? 
 I am sorry , sir.We will send our staff right now . 	So , how should we get to the theatre ? 
 Of course . 	I really just have two problems with this . 
 This afternoon . 	I am going to celebrate my birthday with you all in a night club this year , what do you say ? 
 Thank you , Mr . Morris . Please wait one moment and let me check on the order . Would you like anything to drink , sir ? On the house . 	Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater . 
 Bye . 	Belinda , I ’ m going to a party tonight . What shall I wear ? 
 No . Have a seat . 	how did your interview go ? 
 Thanks . 	Hey Michael . Where are you going ? 
 I can't . I am really behind of my work . 	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ? 
 No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart . 	Would you give me some fruits ? How much are these oranges ? 
 No , we got no receipt , and we pay it on the spot ! 	Alice , your father is amazing . He ’ s 90 years old and he lives alone in that big house . 
 Not at all . 	Excuse me , what's your name ? 
 I see.so this is your hometown ? 	I am here to get my prescription filled . 
 I'm surfing the Net . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 Then please have a look at the table , there are so many plans . 	May I ask you a few questions about insurance ? 
 I'm ready . I'll look forward to it all Friday ! 	I can't find my keys . 
 That would be great . Thank you . 	How could you have done that without asking me first ? 
 Yes . I'd delighted if you did . 	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ? 
 Yes , I hope I will be a manager in 5 years . 	Hello ! You have reached the offices of Maddox and McKnight , can I help you ? 
 Fabulous . I will get the contract ready shortly . 	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home ! 
 No comment . 	Miss , may I help you ? 
 Yes . It could happen . 	What did you exactly do there ? 
 At the beginning of the month . Besides , you should pay me $ 1000 as deposit . 	Your ring is very beautiful . 
 You might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size than I am now ! 	Hello ? 
 Go right ahead . 	Hi Bill , it ’ s Jane . 
 No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours . 	London is such a historic city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of 
 You're in luck . We still have that little table . 	the dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off . 
 Perhaps . I'm dead tired . 	Laura , what are you going to do today ? 
 So long . Have a nice weekend . 	Hi , I ’ m testify chen , the tour guide for the Ged Agency . We have a reservation of twenty room for tonight . 
 You like to communicate with him ? 	How may I help you ? 
 And I recently bought an American-style washer and dryer . Come and see . 	Mike , what are you doing tonight ? 
 I'd recommend going back to the 3rd party , personally this time , and discussing what exactly it is they aren't happy with . Hopefully you can reach some sort of agreement , which is viable for everyone . 	Have you ever shopped online ? 
 Ah , thanks . 	Finally we have a long holiday . 
 Oh , I see . I believe I can do the job well . 	Let's have seafood tonight and then go see the new movie at Mall Cinema.Betsy told me it's a beautiful love story and I shouldn't miss it . 
 Great – That ’ ll be big help . 	Good afternoon , how can I help you ? 
 Alright , now let's be serious . Actually , you get high marks in the exam . 	So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon ? 
 Very well . Just take your time . 	Repair service , how may I help you ? 
 Yes , it is quite reasonable . 	Are you ready to go shopping ? 
 We export to Eastern Europe and the Far East . The domestic market accounts for about 40 percent of our total sales . 	Hi ! May I help you ? 
 Bye ! 	Excuse me . I have booked one ticket on BN118 for tomorrow.But now I've changed my plan.Can you help me refund the ticket ? 
 Thank you . 	I haven't got enough for prosecuting him . 
 You might lose the file you were working on , but don't worry , the help desk can restore it . When did you last take a backup ? 	Hey , This is your order . 
 Okay . Thanks . 	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock . 
 Me too . 	I would love to rent out your apartment . 
 Thank you . 	Hi , Anna . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Where have you been ? 
 Thank you , I know where that is . 	Why did the teacher criticise Myra in front of the whole class ? 
 I ’ ll pick up an application form for you at school tomorrow . 	Good afternoon , ABC Incorporated . How many I direct your call ? 
 I see . 	Why should I buy this MD player ? 
 Yeah . I'm going to my locker to get my jacket . Catch you later . 	Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ? 
 Thanks . 	Steven , what are you thinking about ? 
 OK . Please wait for s while . We'll get it done quickly ! 	Hey , how's it going ? 
 Are you serious this time ? That ’ s wonderful news . 	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ? 
 By the way , hold your bag in case you vomit . 	Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance . 
 Don ’ t do it ! If you get caught making false statements , you can have your claim closed . 	Yes , sir ? 
 It might be . 	I really should be on my way . 
 I don't know . I just wasn't thinking . 	I've heard that you provide very good service , so when I need a mover , I call you guys first . 
 When in Rome , do as the Romans do . 	Do you have any seat preference , madam ? 
 That's right . 	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith . 
 That's true . 	Excuse me , may I help you ? 
 You said it . 	All right . But these are black and I don ’ t like black shoes . They ’ re dull . 
 I'm glad that the little problem didn't ruin your visit . Please have a pleasant trip home . 	Excuse me , sir , the toilet in my room doesn't flush . 
 Here you are . 	Good evening , sir . What's your pleasure this evening ? Your usual ? 
 That's for sure . 	I have a question about my cable . 
 That's amazingly low for such a huge accident ! 	It's awfully hot . 
 But then what would I do every weekend ? 	We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	We are going to need confirmation on these orders today , and delivery must be made before next Tuesday . Do you think you can handle that ? 
 Totally agree . By the way , the number of the telephone on your desk is extension 506 . You can pick up your office supplies from the supply room at the end of the corridor . 	My sister was taken to the hospital yesterday 
 Fine , We'll do that . 	You're finally here ! What took so long ? 
 I'm on my way . 	Your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ? 
 It sure does . 	Taxi ! Taxi ! 
 Please wait a moment . It Will take a few seconds to get through . 	You are not being a good sport about this . 
 Sure , why not ? I could use a rest . 	Good evening . 
 Sure . Here you go . 	I didn't like my brother's batting around without doing anything useful . 
 I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do . 	How many pieces of luggage do you want to check , sir ? 
 Well , I am not going to flog a dead horse . Let get down to our brass tasks and tidy these things up . 	Why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ? 
 I'm getting a bit plump myself . Perhaps I ’ ll go with you . 	Hi . I want to open an account with you , so I can pay my bills by direct debit . 
 As long as I don ’ t have to row . 	Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ? 
 And I was overwhelmed by this scene , too . 	Is there a sofa in the living room ? 
 Let's give it a shot ! 	Hello , is Mr Over there 
 I've had enough . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 Oh ! I see . I'll have the paperback , please . 	Peter , have you seen my purse ? 
 Nope . 	I would like to discuss purchasing a home with you . 
 In Thailand . I taught English there . 	Is there a city where it's always warm ? 
 Here you are . 	Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? 
 There is a reason in what you say . 	Do you have girlfriend ? 
 I'll put the song at the front of the list . 	Look , Bob . This is a photograph I took during my trip to Australia . 
 He said you obviously prefer Greek comedies to Greek tragedies . 	Did you remember to bring back that software I lent to you ? 
 I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime . 	You'll soon graduate from your university . Do you have any plans for the future ? 
 Too many . I will just give you one example , Huangguoshu Falls , the largest waler-fall in China . 	I'm going to the United Stated to attend my daughter's commencement . 
 I know that you like this house , but let ’ s take a look at the others before you make up your mind . 	Can you type , Jane ? 
 Then you go out to the garage and check out the camping gear . 	Help me sort out my problem , will you ? 
 Some of my friends tell me that being a teacher , the most important is the beauty of mind . You shouldn't pay too much attention to your appearance . You should appear frugal and prudent . Your experience and knowledge will gain the appreciation of your interviewer . 	Could you come and spend the weekend with us ? 
 Yeah . Love me , and love my dog . 	Hello , sir . How many in your party ? 
 Bye bye ! Have a pleasant journey ! 	I ’ m forming a music band . 
 I hope it hasn't left without me . 	Here we are this is my favorite place . 
 All right . See you then . 	What are your terms of sale ? 
 It says , Zina , I like how you rhumba . An admirer . 	May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll try my best . 	Get up as early as six o'clock only to be jammed at every crossroad and still late for work . What a life ! I've had enough of it . 
 That sounds like a good idea . 	Welcome to our International Business Counter . How can I help ? 
 Mr . Morris was so pleased with your sales work on his account that he went straight to the top with it . He wrote a letter about it to Mr . Macmillan ! 	OK . I'd like to have everything gift-wrapped , please . 
 We have parties every Saturday from June to October . 	The acting of this film is marvelous.In spite of the thin plot , the acting , the music and the scene have won the Academy Award of this year . 
 Yes . This is what is called road rage . 	This historian is famous in the field of Tang Dynasty . 
 Thanks , Daisy . 	Take care , Peter . Don't run so fast . Are you tired ? 
 Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime . 	Well , how was your honeymoon ? 
 It is serious . 	I need to get some business cards printed up . 
 My car is in the parking lot , lets go this way . Let me help you with your bags . 	My word , you do look ill ! 
 Thanks and you too . 	Judy , have you ever made out how much money shall we spend ? 
 Ok , let's go . 	I'm going to buy a new living room set . 
 Oh , there comes the bus . 	Are you ready to order , madam ? 
 At once , sir . You'll love this place , I assure you . 	Well , Mr . Smith . That ’ s a nasty infection you have . 
 No . I'm still single . 	What course did you like best ? 
 Thank you . 	What ’ s up ? You look so blue . 
 Generally it is 6 months and during this period you are half-paid . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Great ! I must warn you though , whatever happens , don ’ t let me go on a drinking binge . Trust me , it ’ s not a pretty picture ! 	I came to this lab to have my blood drawn . 
 I think that we should let someone know . They will probably want to fix the problem . 	This is our first day of class.It ' s better for us to introduce ourselves to each other . Who would like to begin first ? Any volunteers ? 
 I definitely don't want to be that ! But , I still think it's unreasonable for them to ask me for such a big sum of money when we don't know each other very well . What should I do ? 	What's the matter , sir ? You look pale . 
 Bye . 	Where did you work in the past ? 
 His life is hanging by a thread , and he is under an emergency treatment . 	You mean it shuts off to save energy ? 
 I am just casting pearls before swine . 	What a terrible house ! 
 Really ? Even for such an excellent one ? 	I can't seem to find the cereal aisle . 
 I can live with that too . 	We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . 
 He didn't make any effort . His aunt died and left him a fortune . 	Is it true that one of our competitors is planning to launch their tracking service next month ? 
 I get it . Thank you . 	May I take your order now ? 
 You are right . That's the Heart of Lake Pavilion , situated on an islet.It was built in 1552 and is the largest pavilion on the West Lake . Oh , here we are at the Little Yingzhou island . Let's get off the boat . Please watch your steps . 	What's the postage on these letters to hongkong , please ? 
 Thanks . 	May I help you ? 
 A glass of white wine would be fine , thank you . 	hey , Lily , what are you doing ? 
 Thank you very much . 	can you help me pick out some fabric for a suit ? I'm going to get one made for a friend's wedding . 
 Personally . I think that people believe they will be healed and that faith causes a change in their mind that cures them . I don ’ t think place is magical in any way . 	How does the political system work in your country ? 
 Thank you very much . 	R :: Good morning . Room Reservations . May I help you ? 
 Well , I'd better not tempt you . Otherwise , if I give you a piece of cake , you might ask for a glass of milk . 	Hi , my name is Sovia.What ’ s your name ? 
 Not funny . 	Susan , we ’ re going to need those data before tomorrow . 
 No , once I did 32 . 	Excuse me . Where are the rice and flour ? 
 No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis . 	Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you . 
 Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college . 	I think that ’ s settled . 
 Oh , dear ! I'll do well I can . 	May I help you ? 
 Sounds good . 	Do you love me ? 
 Well , I'll take them . 	Hi , Mary , can I have a minute ? 
 Let me check the reservation list . Fortunately , we have just 10 standard rooms available for the three days . 	How was your morning jog ? 
 It'll be fine . 	We still have an important attraction . 
 See you . 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know . 	Hi . I need a wake-up call tomorrow . 
 The view is breath-taking . 	Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? 
 I didn't say I was going to deprive myself . 	Hello , come in , I've been waiting for you . 
 Here is 50 yuan . 	I want to subscribe to The New York Times.How do you feel about it ? 
 That's for sure . I feel like I'm melting . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 No wonder you always look so active . 	I am really impressed with your presentation skills . 
 I can not belive that . It must be cooked up by someone . 	Good Lord ! Look at that man . 
 Well . It's not my taste . Would you please bring me a short sleeve ? 	It's very cold tonight ! 
 Fine . 	Excuse me . Can I get a refund of my ticket ? I have to cancel my trip because I have something emergent to deal with . 
 Thanks , but actually I was hoping I could ask you to write my biography . 	Hi , have you got the exact number of people who are going take part in this activity ? 
 I was so angry that I could not keep cool . What I need is just an apology . 	Excuse me . Where is Q-Duck ? I remember it was around the second intersection of this street . 
 Of course , I will . 	Please show me the menu , Miss . 
 Yes , I want to restate one more time the importance of reinventing our company's image to appeal to different customer bases . I want to end with a true story that has to do exactly with what we've been talking about today ... 	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ? 
 Sometimes , it ’ s hard to know who belongs in each section of the museum ! 	I must be going now . 
 What for ? 	Good morning , I ’ d like to book a flight from Beijing to Shanghai , please . 
 I like what I see . 	This one looks great ! I love the seashore . 
 I prefer strong . 	what a nice garden ! Look at these tulips ! 
 Where exactly have you been working , please ? 	Now , Miss Childs passed on your resume to me and I ’ Ve had the chance to look it over and I must say I ’ m quite impressed . 
 Yes , bring us two steaks and two loads of bread , please . 	Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ’ s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland . 
 Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories . 	Good afternoon , Mrs.Vale . Please sit down . 
 Perhaps one year , I'm not sure . 	How do I know what forms to fill out for unemployment ? 
 Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars . 	Hey honey , how was your day ? 
 My pleasure . Good luck to you . 	Madam , is everything set up for your trip ? 
 But Joe won't you . 	You know that ? Dan got a divorce . 
 Yes , I like it very much . 	Have you ever witnessed any crimes or accidents ? 
 You are so thoughtful . 	I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening.My wife is terribly ill . 
 He's diving for the gold . 	Hilton Hotel . Can I help you ? 
 Oh , yes . I get six Korean channels but nothing in English ! 	What dressing would you like on the salad ? 
 Yeah , I ’ ll try to do the same.So , I was wondering you wanna go out to dinner Friday night ? 	Are you ready for the camping trip ? 
 Then yes . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 absolutely . 	Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road . Please roll down your window . 
 OK . See you later . 	I ’ m going to be moving out soon . 
 It's a lot of money . But the picture is excellent , I'll take it . 	How often do you use the internet ? 
 Thank you . And a merry Christmas to you ! 	Our maths teacher is rather humorous . 
 If we start now , we can make it by taxi . 	I was wondering if someone in your office could help me with a question I have about my payment . 
 I'm going to . 	Good evening , sir . can I help you ? 
 I hope not.It isn't that busy . 	What would you like to order ? 
 Yes , I'd like a large soda , please . 	What's your ideal boss ? 
 Good point . I suppose that we all have our own individual styles . 	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ? 
 No , thank you . Please tell him to phone me when he comes back . 	Tomorrow is my day off . I wonder if it's convenient to change our appointment from tomorrow to next Wednesday , still at the same time . 
 Great ! Then I suppose I'm looking forward to my first promotion , too . 	Driver , take me to the airport . 
 It depends what it is . Once we have disconnected the unit , we do as many jobs as we can . If there is something that isn't broken but might cause a problem before the next service then of course we repair it or replace that part . But if it's not urgent , we make a note in the service record to carry out that repair next time . 	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ? 
 Oh , I see . 	It's late.It ' s high time I left.Thank you for a most wonderful evening . 
 Come on . All this fashion has reminded me that I want to buy some clothes . 	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ? 
 Thank you so much , Lisa ! 	Could you please pass me the salt ? 
 Computers are great , aren ’ t they ? I should download some programs and learn how to use them . 	How many parking tickets have you gotten before ? 
 No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra . 	Hey , Bob . Are you getting the feeling you've been here before ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What day is today ? 
 I will pay it . Don ’ t worry . 	How old is Keith ? 
 Yes , I do . Who are your financial backers ? Who are the key competitors ? Does the company have a plan for the IPO ? What would you say is the best thing about your product or service ? 	Good afternoon , Mr . Dome ’ s office . 
 Wait for a moment , I'll come back soon . 	DM210 is equivalent to 400 RIB . 
 Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful . 	Why have you decided to change jobs ? 
 The Redskin ’ s quarterback just threw a touchdown pass for seven points . We ’ re losing again . 	I ’ m so hungry . Let me have a look at the menu . 
 Good boy ! 	Can I help you ? 
 Yeah . I ’ m still learning how to control his behavior and my temper . My child is almost two years old , and I ’ Ve learnt the distraction technique when he cries for something . 	Is this the central park to East Market bus ? 
 Ok . 	Jenny , are you having a good time ? 
 To maintain a high standard of nursing , we should take experience and education into consideration while considering a nurse's level of expertise in caring for various patients . 	Either we'll be millionaires , or we won't ... won't have a dime . 
 Absolutely.She ' s a teacher of aerobics . 	Good morning . May I help you , sir ? 
 Ok . People decorate their houses , place a Christmas tree in the room and maybe sing a Christmas carol together . 	What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! 
 Not at all . 	I'll need a parking permit for next semester . 
 But Joe won't you . 	Excuse me . I'm looking for an old music box . 
 Agreed . 	Shouldn't you already be in bed ? 
 I am not convinced by your explanation . 	Jim was late again . 
 All right , all right . I understand . 	Good evening , can I get you a drink ? 
 Take care ! I will miss you so much . 	You know that ? Dan got a divorce . 
 Of course not ! 	Let's get this card for mom , it's funny . 
 I don ’ t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together . 	I can't believe how hot it is . 
 They ’ re nice . 	Hi Joe . You've met my new assistant , right ? 
 Well I wish you luck . 	We are happy to have you with us . When could you start working ? 
 Can you tell me more ? 	Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look . 
 Well , I have to hide in the air-conditioned rooms . Anyway , it is all worth , just think about the cool evening time . 	When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ? 
 They are By new models now , they are not very expensive . Maybe you should look for one . 	Excuse me , but can you tell me the way to the railway station ? 
 How many bids had been placed before you ? 	Jack , I don't know how to write my resume . Could you tell me about that ? 
 Maybe that's why he's so nice ! 	I've heard that you are going to call for a tender . What kind of goods would you like to buy ? 
 So long . Thank you for shopping here . 	do you like animals ? I really like dogs . 
 It is important to keep your mind up-to-date and active . 	I want to redo this poster , but John and Mary think it's good enough as it is . 
 No , thank you 	Let ' s got out tomorrow night . We can go to a bar and try to find you a girlfriend . 
 Thank you , Madam . Have a nice drive ! 	Excellent Cleaner ’ s.May I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ? 
 Good luck to you . 	Can you skillfully operate the computer ? 
 My shopping life will be more convenient . 	Don ’ t be worried . Please sit down and take it easy . 
 She likes to complain about her macho husband and her “ bambinos ” , but she loves them all dearly . 	Come on , Tara . Let ’ s go up to the window and buy two tickets . The movie is starting in a few minutes . 
 You can never tell . He might do you in when he sees an angle in doing it . 	Can I borrow some money from you ? 
 I'll put the shopping basket back . 	Good afternoon , can I help you ? 
 See you then . 	Mr Ludlow , hello . It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today ? 
 Alright . And I won't go to that cafe for awhile . 	Could you drive me to the bank ? 
 You are welcome . 	I wonder if it is possible that we organize a dinner party for all the colleagues in our departments . They are working very hard these days . Maybe it is time for everybody to relax a little . 
 I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend . It was priced at forty dollars , so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty . 	What's your major in college ? 
 My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment . 	Let ’ s play a game ! 
 Yeah . He's a private eye now . 	Too bad you missed Jane's performance . 
 It's in the South of China . 	I ’ m afraid we are really short staffed this week , Mr . Cranial . I ’ d like to accommodate you , but I just don ’ t think I ’ ll have the time . 
 Oh , hop in . 	Hurry up ! Time is money ! 
 I prefer boxing to beef . 	You like this china tea set , don't you ? 
 Sure it is . So you'd better get rid of this idea . 	Hello . Can I help you ? 
 Yes , maybe I should . 	I think I'm going to China this vacation.How about you ? 
 I was looking forward to your arrival . 	Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the lipstick ? 
 Of course . Mary is our most experienced member . 	Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? 
 It depends on the job . It's actually more cost-effective than buying specialist equipment that we don't use very often . 	The city has got a traffic problem . 
 Beautifully done , many thanks . 	Do you have a good English-Chinese dictionary ? 
 That ’ s not my fault . 	Jim is a genius . He gets along well with everybody and he can always get the work done . 
 I think I am . I left the job only because it was too far from my home . 	Are you from America ? 
 Sorry . You'd better get off for taking another taxi . 	Can I have a look at your international timetable ? 
 Well , I just wanted to say well done . Really you did a great job . 	How do I use the powder ? 
 All right ! 	Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . 
 Good . Now , you sign here , you can start work the beginning of next month . 	Would you please weight this letter for me ? 
 Let's bygones be bygones , start saving right now . 	How are you today ? 
 Well , I don ’ t like it , but I guess I don ’ t have any choice . 	Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing ! 
 Sounds good . See you there ! 	I'm searching for an old music box . 
 You know , I like traveling . I made good use of this long vacation and enjoyed myself . 	I can't find the price tag . 
 Ok , that would be great . 	I'll try one of these on . ( The customer tries one of the shoes on . ) It's too big . It slides up and down my heel when I walk around . 
 I think you ’ re right , but it does seem that there are always a few coworkers that are harder to work with than others . 	What kind of place shall we rent ? 
 You only need to tell me that once . 	Can you tell me what happened here ? 
 Mysteries of the Pyramids . Didn't we watch this program last week ? 	Isn ’ t he the best instructor ? I think he ’ s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ’ t you ? 
 Yes . Copywriters are supposed to design and write articles for the advertising company . 	There is too much traffic in Taipei these days , I think cars should be banned . 
 Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company . 	I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said . 
 Then you must know a lot about skating . 	Hello . Excuse me . 
 Then I will see you in my office at ten Wednesday morning . 	I'm done . Can I watch TV ? 
 That will be fine . 	You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? 
 Of course . Please sign your name here . 	What would you like to order , sir ? 
 I admire your energy , Ruth . You are young at heart . 	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing . 
 In a while , crocodile . 	You are blue in the face , arn't you ? 
 The beans will burn . I know . I've tasted burnt coffee before ... yuck ! 	Mike's going to have a self-driving traveling across the country . 
 You know , I really must be going now or I'll be very late . Can you give me a call tomorrow an we'll decide ? 	Tom , did you see the film last night ? 
 yeah it is . 	I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . 
 It deserves it . The film gave us a lot of inspiration . 	May I be of any help ? 
 Bye . 	Did you punch in ? 
 Oh , I didn't think of that . 	It was nice talking to you . 
 Thank you . Doctor . 	Are you being served , sir ? 
 A little bit expensive , but I will buy one . This is $ 25 , here you are . 	What's wrong , Lisa ? You keep pacing back and forth . 
 It's my pleasure . 	Don ’ t you think that ’ s good idea to hold a party outside ? 
 Thank you . 	Could I have my bill , please ? 
 I don't know . Check the flyer or check with the produce person . 	Thanks for inviting me to your friend ’ s wedding . I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony . Is that common ? 
 Thanks for your help . 	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ? 
 Pass him . 	We scored six goals . 
 Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot . 	It seems to me that you are on very good terms with him . 
 Yes , there are . They tell use which way to go and how far we have to walk . 	He has a long head , I bet he will do well in his business . 
 No , should I have ? 	Hello , this is Mike , Kara . 
 I bet he is . He domed his own life . 	How was your flight from Hong Kong ? 
 I see . 	How's the building work going ? 
 Sure , a studio would be fine . 	Dan More's Office , how may I help you ? 
 Not funny . 	Hi Barbara . Have you lost weight ? 
 It took three of us to move it . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Certainly . See you in the afternoon . 	Did you hear what's going on downtown today ? All the orders from the factory are staging a demonstration in the streets . Not one of the two thousand employees showed up for work today , and they have gathered outside the city hall to demand better working conditions for all factory employees . 
 That's for sure . It's always hard for the parents to say no to their children . 	Come in , please . 
 That's correct . Thank you very much . 	Do you like climbing ? 
 If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun . 	Can I have this roll of film developed here ? 
 Of course ! 	I need to copy a document immediately . 
 OK . I know . 	I heard you will be going on a business trip . 
 Actually , studies have shown that people who have one-half a glass of alcohol per day do better than those who don ’ t drink . 	Thanks for offering to give me a lift . I ’ m looking forward to this party , but I didn ’ t want to go alone . 
 No problem . 	Hey Stacy . What's going on ? 
 Yes , come on , and we will have fun . 	Hi , Lilly , it ’ s so nice to see you again . 
 Yes , Mum . 	Maybe you'll get another chance at the statue . 
 Yes , I joined the CPC when I was a freshman 	I don't understand why some parents keep beefing and complaining about their daughters not being able to follow suit . 
 That ’ s okay . I ’ m sorry , too . It ’ s a good idea to prepare for the future possibilities . 	Good morning , may I help you ? 
 Very good , sir . We will be expecting you next Monday , the 12th . 	I need to purchase some business cards . 
 Thank you . It's my honor . 	So am I on the right road to Piccadilly Circus ? 
 Okay ... end of the first quarter ... Alright , I ’ m gonna make a beer run . 	This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here . 
 You really think we can make it ? I don't have much faith in our ability to lower the price again . We're no match for them , the competition will beat us hands down . 	Excuse me.Would you like a drink before your meal ? 
 Thank you for your delicious meal . 	Hi , Zina . Lots of people are looking for you . 
 Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed . 	May I come in ? 
 Don't you know that we have a laundry chute in the house ? 	How do you usually part your hair ? 
 That's all.Thank you . 	Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave . 
 Sure ! I just got back yesterday . I'm still suffering from jet lag . 	Excuse me , sir . May I go with you to claim my luggage ? I am a stranger here . 
 That's all right . 	OK , so are you ready to learn how to bake a cake ? 
 No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres . 	I ’ m hungry , let ’ s grab a bite to eat . 
 Right . 	It's Chinese New Year ! That means it's time to eat hot pot ! 
 Fine , We'll do that . 	What is your major ? 
 I know . I am sorry that I yelled at you . 	May I have two tickets for Tiny Times ? 
 No , you have to pay it by yourself . 	Did you have a good weekend ? 
 You are in good shape . Figuring in your other expenses , you can easily afford a house costing seven hundred thousand or maybe even a little more ! 	What ’ s happened ? Is there a problem ? 
 Perfect . Thanks very much for calling . See you soon , bye ! 	This is exciting ! Thank you so much ! 
 OK . Let ’ go back to the hotdog stand . 	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself . 
 I ’ d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills , ambition , enthusiasm , but also my loyalty , a sensor desire to become an administrative assistant . It is the hardest of my career plans . 	Thank you so much for coming tonight . Everybody really enjoyed your performance . 
 I have to think about it . 	What are you thinking about ? 
 I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ’ t be in class . See you next week ! 	Do you like traveling ? 
 I'd like to go and live there for at least another year . Probably I'll go back to Sydney or maybe I'll go down to Melbourne because it's a really interesting cultural city . They have lot of museums and parks . 	What kind of cuisine do you have ? 
 I'd be glad to . 	I have to find a living room set . 
 Indeed , they are . Keeping staff happy is the only way to keep them with the company . 	Doctor , what is the best way to stay healthy ? 
 You must tell your embassy about it . And I think they ’ ll issue you with a new one . 	Excuse me , do you have A tale of Two Cities ? I'd like a copy of it . 
 He certainly looks interested , doesn ’ t he ? Shall we invite him over to our table ? 	He dresses in plain clothes and drives an old car . Who would know he is the richest man in town ? 
 Ok , then we can sign up for it together . 	I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick ? 
 Of course it does . Everybody has his own hobby . 	I had a great time on the last date . 
 Yes , starting salary is 6,000 yuan a month plus bonuses . 	I passed history test . 
 That's all right . 	I come to try my new suit . Here's the receipt . 
 Then you would like the ' no frills ' business account . 	A table for two , please . 
 Thank you . 	Can you give me a hand with the dishes ? 
 Oh , yes . Any kind of goods are dependable as our shop is well-known throughout the city . 	Can we talk ? 
 That's understood . 	Can you make a suit for me to order ? 
 OK . You ’ d better come back in two hours . 	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it . 
 I don ’ t want to hear it ! Now go to your room ! 	I don't make idle threats . 
 You are welcome . 	Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ... 
 Thank you . 	Have you anything to declare ? 
 Nothing is to your satisfaction . 	Bob is really disturbed these days . 
 I'm only too happy to help . 	Mr . Charles , I feel that we have had a very pleasant talk . 
 I really , really want a house , even though it is small like a snail house . 	Ah ! No ! Damn it ! 
 Of course , I should have been more careful . I ’ m sorry . 	We are interested in placing a large order for your wool carpet . 
 Altogether you have to pay $ 800 . 	Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Do you think we can go driving right now ? 
 Peter , if you don't do it soon , I will throw your toys in the trash can . 	Good morning , young lady . You can call me Ma . Do you see anything you like ? 
 That ’ s should be fun . 	Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I ... 
 And then you just pour the batter into the waffle iron ... 	Oh , you look kind of pale . What's the matter ? 
 Once bitten , twice shy . He said he would rather keep bach than to live in disgust . 	Do you want to go catch a movie tonight ? 
 That ’ s all right . Bring me over what you ’ Ve got . 	How do you think they could be ended ? 
 Let's go after work and take a tour of the facilities . 	Hi ! Dick . Where are you going ? You're in such a hurry . 
 Yes , you have a high fever . I'd like to give you a blood test . 	I was told my friend Joe was speaking ill of me . That's a real let-down . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	How may I help you . sir ? 
 Your passport , please . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Which service do you require today ? 
 OK , I see . 	Excuse me , which one is of the highest quality here ? 
 Yeah , fine . And dressing leather shoes . 	I'm so thirsty . 
 On the contrary , very exciting . 	I need to use the ATM . 
 Thank you . 	Hi charles , I want you know that i finally found an apartment in haitian . 
 I wish she wouldn ’ t regret for her decision . 	I would like to know is it a direct flight to Dubai ? 
 Great , do you have any for foreigners ? I mean English version ? 	I need a snack from the cafeteria . 
 Great ! I'm your lucky fellow then . 	Give me some glasses please , Jane . 
 That's not a problem . We can have a company car take you there . It's only about a two hour drive . 	Would you like something to eat ? 
 You look like a cooking show host--only messier . 	Welcome to our bar ! 
 Sure , let's go . 	Maybe we all will be all things to all men . 
 I can if you like . 	What do you think of the novel you just finished reading ? 
 Okay , it sounds good . 	Do you have change for a hundred ? 
 Thank you . Please make sure that you pay with cash or a cashier ’ s check . 	Hello , this is Francis . 
 Of course . 	Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? 
 No wonder . 	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ? 
 The disease fails to respond to drugs . 	Hi , Tim , any news about your job interview ? 
 Oh , you've got a good memory . 	May I take a look at the shoes over there ? 
 No . This afternoon will be fine . 	Jenny , do you want to go to see a movie ? 
 I ’ m very sorry , Miss Parks , but the 9:05 flight is completely booked . I can put you on a waiting list if you would like . 	What about the working hours ? 
 You can easily download it from their website . 	Room service.May I come in ? 
 But look at them ! They've forgotten about the wet cement and they're walking across it to put up the notice ! 	Hi ! It's still seven o'clock . Are you crazy ? 
 You know what ? I ’ ll just have everything dry cleaned . 	Where do you think we should go on holiday this summer ? 
 Mm . I've seen him a couple of times , I think . 	OK . Steven , you're looking at a picture . Please describe what you see ! 
 Sorry . I guess I wasn't thinking . I won't do it again . 	Do you like the food here ? 
 No , you don't have to . Here comes the train . Be careful ! Subway doors open and close automatically . 	Did you put the blue bin out on the street ? 
 Yes , then enter the bathroom , There is a stove tired with wood in the room , and on the top of the stove , there is a pile of stones , which keep the heat . Throw some water on the stones , and dry steam is given off . 	Oh , dear . My weight has gone up again . 
 I'm sorry I couldn't help you . 	Did you call me , sir ? 
 We can do it . See you then . 	Honey , where did you buy this skirt ? 
 Then , we ’ Ve got plenty of time . 	I can't get into my room . I mean I left my room key inside . 
 All right . I will get them for you . 	You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ? 
 A good idea . They can teach elephants to dance nowadays perhaps there's hope for us ! 	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in . 
 I know . Three dollars for milk . 	Charles , have you finished your homework ? 
 He's giving lectures on business at colleges . 	Are you ready ? 
 It's a deal , Hal . Thanks again for stopping to help . And thanks for smashing my car ! 	How do you like you trip ? 
 Oh , no ! Not again . 	Well , good morning , Tom . I haven't seen you for a long time . 
 Sure . He ’ ll get the bag , I think . 	Thomas , would you be so kind as to lay the table for me ? I'm busy in the kitchen . 
 Oh , thank God . Thank you , I'll be right back . 	What do you think of AC milan and the team of Argentine ? 
 Oh , I see . Thank you . 	Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 You're welcome . 	Have you started your report yet ? 
 Thanks . 	Good morning . Venus Real Estate Agency . 
 That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much tv , the kids will probably follow suit . 	Room service . May I help you ? 
 Thanks . 	Bob refused all his classmates ' invitations . 
 Anyway , I dislike summer here.There ' s too much rainfall . 	There has been talk at school about canceling the concert . 
 There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker . 	I think it's high time we had lunch . 
 Thank you . 	Car trouble center . How may I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello . This is Bell Canada . How can I help you ? 
 I'm like that too . I like to invite friends over sometimes , but I don't want to have lots of crazy parties at the apartment . 	May I come in ? 
 Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible . 	I am so excited ! 
 Well . We ’ re expecting about twenty-five people and we ’ d like to spend no more than $ 20 a head . 	Hi , Jack . Long time no see ! 
 Certainly . 	how's your new job going ? 
 I received my bachelor's degree from Peking University in 2004 . 	You married Joe , didn't you ? 
 I braked as hard as I could . 	How is the project going ? 
 Poor me ! 	Did you hear what happened to Mike in Accounts ? 
 Anything for you . 	We'd better cover the porcelain ware against All Risks . 
 I'm very sorry , sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this . 	You hurt Ben's feelings . 
 So beat the cat , but don't kill it . 	How many languages can you speak ? 
 You've got it , sir . 	I'm checking out tomorrow . What time must I vacate the room ? 
 Frightened ? You must be joking ! 	Are these your text books ? Biochemistry , General Ecology , Botany , Cell Genetics , Molecular Genetics ... 
 I suppose you're right.He can't have remembered . 	Hello . My name ’ s Linda Brown . What can I do for you today ? 
 He is more nice than wise . 	Would you mind telling me the purpose of your visit to the U . K . ? 
 Thank you . Have a nice trip . 	Bye , mom ! 
 My pleasure . 	Oh , my goodness . The traffic is crawling . 
 You can ’ t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ’ s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! Rudolph ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help ! 	So what brings you to my office today ? 
 no , I'd definitely try to restore it to its original state . I love to imagine what it'd be like to live in another time in history and living in a house decorated like it would have been 200 years a 	I can promise you that , if you buy our product , you will be getting quality . 
 OK , let's get the ball rolling on this . 	May I help you ? 
 Thank you , Mr . William . Goodbye . 	Hello ! I need to make a copy of something at once . 
 It's ok . 	Are you through with your meal ? 
 More and more people have the same discoveries since most of the universities do that in order to save effort . 	we are going out for dinner tonight . Are you coming , Betty ? 
 I know what you mean . The situation will be worse if we marry our boyfriends and have children . The we ’ ll have even less money to spend on fashionable clothes ! 	You look upset , is there anything wrong ? 
 Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway . 	Look ! It fits you perfectly . It looks great on you and has your name on it . 
 Oh , it's beautiful . 	This'd better be good . I'm about to fire you all and find another company . 
 I will put you down for that time . Thank you for calling to reschedule . 	Happy Birthday , Mary ! 
 I'm afraid I haven't got a larger dress . This is the largest dress in the shop . 	I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks . 
 Why not ? Sounds good to me . 	I don't know what to say . This can't be happening . Here's the obituary . 
 I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben . 	I have tickets to The Phantom of the Opera on Friday night . Would you like to go ? 
 Not bad . But she's as busy as before . 	Do you have any seat preferences , sir ? 
 OK , please wrap it for me first . 	Joanne , let ’ s not make this divorce any more acrimonious than it already is , okay ? Let ’ s just get down to business and start dividing this stuff up fairly , so we can go our separate ways , alright ? 
 Oh , I just can't forget it . 	I love your little Lulu dolls.How much for a batch of 6,000 ? 
 Well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about through other channels . 	What sort of experience do you have ? 
 I will not miss the boat when there is another opportunity again next time . 	Will you have time this Saturday evening to go to the cinema with me ? 
 Yes , we should . 	Oh . I just wanted you to shut up . You were off-key anyway . Let me see that ! 
 The beans will burn . I know . I've tasted burnt coffee before ... yuck ! 	What does your job involve ? 
 You should go to the park more often since you don't go to the gym anymore ! 	Guess who I saw yesterday ? 
 Okay , let's go home . 	Hi , Zhengjun , what make you so happy . 
 Well , trust me . The quality is fantastic . 	Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman . 
 Oh , right . I remember . There you are . Hope you don ’ t have as many problems as I had ! 	Would you please take a seat over there ? There are some interesting magazines on the coffee-table . 
 I'll appreciate it if it could be arranged . 	I have been getting headaches almost every day lately . 
 Sorry , you ’ re not on it . I don ’ t think using my brother as a reference would be very convincing ! 	Do you know what you want to eat for lunch ? 
 This one , of course . Your company is my first choice . I want to work for you . 	How is night life in Beijing ? 
 Come on . I'll introduce you two . 	Hey ! Ask your mom for more old pictures , OK ? 
 It's an important birthday . 	Happy birthday , Lillian . Here's a little present I bought for you . 
 It can help you leave a deep impression on the interviewer . 	Well , it's too bad that we like different kinds of movies . Maybe we're just different kinds of people . 
 Hey , that sounds a good idea . 	I go to the fitness center every weekend . 
 By all means . (= Of course . ) 	Would you like any toast , dear ? 
 I'll try . 	How are you ? 
 See you ! 	Excuse me . Can you tell me where the Wal-Mart supermarket is ? 
 Just a moment , please . 	Why don ’ t we go for Teppanyaki tonight ? 
 Think a little . I think he means well at the bottom of his heart . 	Where are you off to ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome to our university ’ s fifties anniversary , Sir . Please have a seat . 
 Sorry , but I'm on my way out now . Could you come back in an hour ? 	I'm searching for an old music box . 
 Have a good day at school ! See you tonight ! 	Have you attended school today ? 
 Yes , you play the piano well . You could be a good pianist . That's good . 	Why is there no water coming out when you turn on the faucet ? 
 Not at the moment , but I ’ ll let you know . 	Do you speak a foreign language ? 
 One berth , please . 	What position have you held before ? 
 He's on a weeklong meditation retreat and won't be back until this weekend . 	Can you tell me the results of my home inspection ? 
 They are my personal effects . 	What would you like for dessert ? 
 Thank you . 	I plan to emigrate to Canada . 
 You will feel much better except for the fact that you might have a little cough . 	How did you get the piano here ? 
 Ten kg ! Dear Shirley must have put a lead ball in it ! 	George , I heard our eighth generation computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contract with our company . You have done a good job . We are so proud of you . 
 OK . I'll take it . 	I haven't seen this machine before . What's it used for ? 
 It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard . 	Hello , Jack here . 
 Well , thanks for the compliment anyway ! 	Hello Gina ! We've spoken so many times on the phone but's it's so good to finally meet you in person ! 
 Maybe now I'll get that promotion I was hoping for . 	May I ask what the name is the girl ? 
 That's right . She is pretty , but she wants to control everything in his life . 	Excuse me , sir . I can't find my baggage . Here is my claim tag . 
 Wonderful . 	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ? 
 Why not ? 	Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you . 
 Good luck . 	What date is today ? 
 That would be good . 	Will you be okay when you immigrate to America ? 
 Well , I collect beer mats . I ’ m not sure that counts , though . 	May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ? 
 No , there is not , as far as I know . 	Hi , dear , I've got your voice at last . 
 I ’ m excited that Barack Obama is our President . 	Look at the traffic . It ’ s terrible ! 
 So you get drunk every day ? 	You say he was around average hight . 
 I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don't have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place . 	Can I make a reservation ? 
 Good . I know that you are capable of being an excellent student . 	Who is that guy ? 
 I understand that . Still , I'm not in a position to help you . Maybe we could do something later when we have had more and larger deals together . 	What kind of jobs have you had ? 
 OK , it's 672910 . 	Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ? 
 Yes , the shoes on that shelf are on sale now . They are much cheaper . 	Taylor , you're sweating up a storm ! 
 No problem . I am used to it . 	I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called “ unusual plants ” and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features . 
 I got $ 500 a week . 	May I have your attention please ? 
 OK , thank you . 	Hey Jane . How are you doing these days ? 
 Thank you , sir . 	May I help you ? 
 Nothing . Just wear comfortable clothes and good shoes for walking . We'll bring everything . 	I'm sleepy . I can hardly keep my eyes open . 
 he is a nice guy and very considerate . I was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . 	I learned of the railway accident only this morning . 
 Never underestimate a woman when it comes to bargaining ! 	How do you like the pizza here ? 
 But what about tomorrow ? What if Stars.com decides to go with WebTracker , and not us ? 	Well , your qualifications for the job are excellent . And is there anything you'd like to ask about the job ? 
 Yes , I have learned a little French and Japanese as well . 	Can we have two tickets for seven thirty ? 
 You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help . 	Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well ? 
 I'd call him and dump him now ! You deserve better than him ! 	Are you ready to order ? 
 They're okay , I guess . 	How ’ s it going ? 
 We will lodge at the indigenes ' houses . It's interesting . 	How many passengers are there aboard the ship ? 
 How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again . 	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough . 
 She should be very pleased with these roses . 	The air quality in this city is horrendous . The pollution levels are so high that we are not supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! 
 That's a bad habit . 	Hey George , how is your chicken ? 
 No . I might need to see your ID card , but that's about it . 	is everything alright ? 
 Yes , please . 	Hi , there ’ s a problem with this stereo . I ’ d like to return it , please . 
 OK.Here is your change.The train leaves on platform 8 . 	Mary , I heard you moved again . 
 It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things . 	Where did you study accounting ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello ! 
 Okay , you take one end and I'll take the other . 	I've been looking forward to the new semester . 
 OK . Hope you feel better soon . You should take it easy . I ’ m sure the doctor will prescribe rest , you know . 	Have you had any publications ? 
 At first it was , but now I've got the basics.It ' s fun . 	Jack , what's wrong ? 
 No wonder when I pass your room , I always hear your laughter . 	Excuse me . Can I deposit valuables here ? 
 I read something like that once . I think it was , ' Life is in the breath . ' 	Sorry I was late for the meeting today . I got stuck in traffic . 
 Well , whatever it does , I feel transformed ! 	How are your stocks doing , Jim ? 
 Would you please let me know when we get there ? 	Could I pay for my parking ticket ? 
 They're still fighting hard.Let ' s wait and see . 	How many places have you worked altogether ? 
 Yeah , but come on , Geoff , as if you don ’ t check Facebook at work . Look , you hired this guy , we ’ Ve invested a lot of time and money in his training , so now it ’ s up to you to coach him . Make it work , Geoff ! 	Ms.Green , are the schools more or less similar everywhere throughout the United States , or do they differ in various sections ? 
 I'm afraid I have to leave . I have to be up early tomorrow . 	Gongshan Development Co . , Ltd.may I help you ? 
 We will send your doctor the results , and he will contact you . 	Excuse me , do you serve breakfast here ? 
 He's a chicken guy . 	I want to get some cable . 
 Lucy is known as a social butterfly . She has taken many rich men for a ride , you know . 	Here's your roast chicken , ma'am . 
 You are welcome . 	Are you still on your summer vacation ? 
 So are you ! How about another coffee ? 	I hate to see the abuse of animals . 
 So am I.The doctor says she'll get over in a month . 	This is the good life ! We have it good don ’ t you think ? 
 I don't like spending time on commercials.There ' re too many commercials on TV . 	Honey , do you know what color the carrot is ? 
 That is to say , love is blind . 	Welcome to our restaurant , Chez Attitude ! 
 Actually , our new math teacher is a good person . He just can't find an appropriate way to teach us . 	Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 
 See you . 	I would like to open a checking account at this branch . 
 Okay , let ’ s make a toast . 	Operator , can you give me any information on the call I just received ? 
 Here you are . Ms . Stevens is ready for you now . I ’ ll show you to her office , right this way . 	Where are you going ? 
 I hope so . 	Have you got any plans for the coming holiday ? 
 Yeah . It ’ s exciting . This month we ’ re doing crossword puzzles . 	Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now . 
 I've got something . You saw Taylor Smith ? Looks terrible , doesn't he ? I heard he ... 	Are you looking forward to seeing that big concert next week ? 
 I'll take it . Please set the watch for me . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Welcome to my shop next time . 	Did you happen to bring that book that we were talking about yesterday ? 
 He deserved it . 	Would it be all right if I went home next weekend ? 
 Are you nuts ? 	Is this the first time you've come to our city , Mr . Ross ? 
 You can buy them at a souvenir shop near the exit . 	I used to think that Americans had so much money they didn ’ t know what to do with it . 
 OK . 	How do you understand the organizational structure of a company ? 
 I did ... I just hope I can implement all these great ideas that we shared . 	The boy threw up . 
 Oh , I think she wants to do this thing in memory of her father . 	What does your sister look like , Mike ? 
 Ah ! Not on me ! Ow ! 	How big is this parking lot in our community ? 
 Many thanks for your presence . 	Lucy , take my picture here , OK ? 
 Yes , my sister loves his personality . 	Are you Miss Thou Ping ? 
 Give me one more day . 	These days my son has turned his computer into an electronic playground . He plays football , rides horses , drives racing cars , and does a whole bunch of other things on the computer . The funny thing about it is that , no matter what he plays , he always wins first place . I wonder if he'll be able to cope with a defeat in real life . 
 sure . You can fully enjoy your time together . 	My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that . 
 Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want . 	Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . 
 I thought maybe you were interested in an outing . 	Alright everyone settle down . Let ’ s get started.As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ? 
 Thanks for reminding me . She's the right person to help me . 	Hi . Today , I am the interviewer for your visa application . 
 Let me take your temperature first . 	Hey , what's the matter ? 
 Good idea . I will ask the stewardess to help me store my tripod . 	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain ! 
 I will . Thanks a lot . 	Guess what , Gilly ? I won both bids . 
 I ’ m ready and willing to help . 	Do you have any fresh baked donuts for sale yet ? 
 I am glad you like it . 	Mom ! How can I help with the washing up ? 
 See you ! 	do you like cooking , Julia ? 
 that would be wonderful . Thanks ! 	Hi , Bob , what time will you be home tonight ? 
 You can ask Frank and Cathy to help you . 	Hi Colin . How are you feeling today ? 
 Let me think about it . What should I do ? I think I will not give up . 	Excuse me , what's the checking time for flight FA1187 ? 
 That's all right . 	Who did the stupid thing ? 
 Hello , Janet . It's me ... Oh , fine . Just fine . Say , Janet , I was wondering if you and Tom were doing anything tonight ... No ? Well . would you like to come by our place and play a few hands of bridge ? 	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ? 
 Wonderful . I ’ m so excited . 	Ange , can your dog do any tricks yet ? 
 The taxi will be ready when you are , sir . 	It ’ s a beautiful day here in New Zealand at the Men ’ s Volleyball world championship . My name is Rick Fields and I ’ m joined by the man with the plan , Bob Copeland . 
 I have been feeling great . I don ’ t imagine that any of my tests will turn out badly . 	I need to see if I qualify for a home loan . 
 No , thanks . I'll have to meet my friend at the airport . 	It seems to be clearing up . 
 That ’ s it for today . Thank you . 	Driver , bring me to the station . 
 I'm fine , Mom . Remember Holly ? This is her roommate , Yi-jun .. 	How long can I keep these books ? 
 To drop a class , you need to do the same thing with a drop slip . Good luck ! 	Is everything ready for Billy ’ s birthday party ? 
 So sorry . Next time we'll go , thanks anyway . 	We like your product , and are interested in placing an order with you as soon as possible . 
 Yeah ! I called him after I got home to arrange our next date , but unfortunately his grandma is sick so he has been busy every night visiting her in the hospital . 	Did you have a good weekend ? 
 Good bye ! 	How old are you , Su ? 
 Okay , let's call it a day . 	Credit Services , how can I help you ? 
 Forget it , there is no use crying over the spilled milk . 	Is everything to your satisfaction ? 
 Thank you . I suppose I should go to see a doctor . 	What can I do for you ? 
 That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously . 	I've heard so much about Japan . Is it a beautiful country ? 
 I want to make more contact with extra clients and use my organizational skills in the future . 	Hi , Mr . James , what's the rush ? 
 Thank you . Good-bye . 	Are the galaxies in the universe moving through space ? 
 Okay , let's shake on it . 	Dad , I want to learn how to drive this summer vacation . 
 Give me a sec . 	You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you . 
 Sure . Join my class next week . 	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this . 
 why does that cop car behind me have its red lights on ? 	Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection . 
 Maybe . 	Don't tell me that's your lunch ? 
 At the age of 64 ? You're kidding ! 	What's wrong with you , young man ? 
 Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back agile soon . 	I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working . 
 You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions . 	What's your favorite movie ? 
 Thanks . 	If you like you can try it on.The fitting room is in the corner . 
 That's disappointing . I was really looking forward to it . 	Eric , how long will you be in China ? 
 My pleasure . 	Have you decided what you'd like ? 
 Your dream will come true . It's really breathtaking 	I know I ’ m going to bite the dust going down this hill . I almost got killed on the chair lift ! This is going to be so embarrassing . 
 Good . That will help me know how I am doing . 	You heard who won the election , right ? 
 Yes . Please help me reserve it . 	I can't believe it ! I lost . 
 Really ? So your city does have some old history after all . 	The language used in this multinational company is mainly about English ; do you think you can manage to handle that ? 
 Sure ! Look , it suits you well . 	What's your favourite steps ? 
 Well , the worst of the winter should be over . 	I want to buy two tickets for tonight's concert . 
 I know that there is hot chocolate in the kitchen and some new Cds just waiting for us . 	Who's the woman you talked to just now ? 
 All right , Madam . I'll have a tow truck there within 30 minutes . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 It all depends . If it's rock music I'll do disco , and if it's romantic music I'll do ballet . 	Good morning , Passport , please . 
 We wanted to live in a more peaceful community and have more space . Another reason is , we can afford to buy a home here , but we can ’ t in Chicago ! 	Excuse me , could you tell me how much is the ticket ? 
 That'll be 14 dollars in all . 	Steve , thanks for looking after Johnny . 
 See you . Have a good journey . 	Dodge Automobiles , may I help you ? 
 Then I will simply have to invite all the Robinson ’ s over for dinner on Thursday . 	You're from New York , aren't you ? 
 That's a very good lesson . We must familiarize ourselves with the exam from now on . 	I want to join in the bus tour . 
 Check the local time before you call . You don't want to wake your friend up by accident . 	What kind of jobs have you had ? 
 Of course not.He drowned . 	Mr . Smith , this is your schedule . 
 92 . 	What kind of account do you prefer ? Checking account or savings account ? 
 I admire your energy , Ruth . You are young at heart . 	Look , Bob hasn't made any progress on that project . 
 Thank you very much . 	I've been accepted by the university , and they've offered me a position on the basketball team ! 
 Oh , that ’ s right . Is that time of the year , huh ? That ’ s fine . How about if we meet at 3:30 this afternoon ? 	Mom , am I like a superman ? All I need is a cape . 
 Really ? Good for you . 	Do you know that working overtime in some companies is a regular thing ? 
 Then I'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc . 	Hi Jane , you look great . 
 Okay , see you then . 	Are you busy with your work ? 
 Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends ... 	Excuse me , Miss . 
 She's very fond of detective stories . 	I'd like to buy one of these refrigerators . Do I have to pay in cash ? 
 Well then , I'll see you on Saturday . Thanks for asking me to go with you . 	Oh , no ! Now I'll be late . 
 Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand . 	Are you free this Saturday evening ? 
 But if the company asks , what else can we do ? 	Paul , what kind of music do you like to listen to ? 
 I ’ ll have apple pie too , but without ice cream . I have to watch my weight . 	I'm sorry , Sam . I don't want to go to the folk concert . 
 Here's your change . Thank you for shopping with us . 	Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ? 
 Yeah , that ’ ll be great . I ’ m on extension 4283 . 	Why isn't the project done yet ? 
 Sorry , we can ’ t come down any more . 	Where do you want to go ? 
 No problem . 	Excuse me , are you Miss Green ? 
 I agree with your proposal . 	Hi , how is it going ? 
 A fly-away tie ! What a riot ! 	This Olympic park is so big ! 
 Our hope is to establish mutual beneficial trading relations between us . 	I have a sweet tooth . 
 Good . Friday morning at 9 . 	Try it on in front of the mirror . 
 Ok . 	The new year is coming . Is the final examination approaching . 
 Bye . 	Hang out the clothes . 
 Well , I have to hide in the air-conditioned rooms . Anyway , it is all worth , just think about the cool evening time . 	Wow , you ’ re up early today ! What ’ s for breakfast ? 
 I'm afraid I'm not interested in fashion . There are so many other really important things in the world . 	Liu , two days later , you will be in England . Don't you feel excited ? 
 You're welcome . 	How do I get to the EDD ? 
 You've plenty of time yet . The railway station is very close . It won't take more than twenty minutes to get there . 	Do you have any particular hobbies , Tom ? 
 All right . You need to have an interview with our manager , Mr . McBride . Let ’ s go to his office . 	Quality is very important to us . We work to very low tolerance levels . We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials . Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers . 
 Oh , I see . Well , I don't plan on only paying the minimum , but it's good to know that I can if I had to . Thanks for that . 	Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ? 
 The fragrance of plum blossoms comes from the hard coldness . 	Did you hear who won the election ? 
 Sorry , it ’ s impossible . 	Terrible . How about people's lives ? 
 Yes , it ’ s reasonably fast but it certainly isn ’ t cheap . Fares have gone up25 % . 	I really want to go to the beach this weekend . 
 All right.That sounds more interesting . 	I think I'll get some new goggles . 
 I love you , happy anniversary . 	Hi , Mrs . Henderson . 
 Everyone has a talent . They just need to find it . 	Do you have any work experience in this field ? 
 Thank you . Here ’ s your change and receipt . 	oh , Sam ! Is this your dog ? 
 Ok , then see you in sunday morning . 	I think it's important that all people have the ability to read . 
 How can you do that ? 	Hello , Lily . 
 Hmm ... well , maybe we can buy this one then . 	Why are you leaving your present job ? 
 Of course , but I'll have to go now . 	I am glad to meet you , Mr.Joey . 
 It ’ s a good thing that you read that ad today . 	Have you ever worked as a tour guide ? 
 I ’ Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking . 	Alison , would you like to have some more ? 
 Alright , sir . I will get the paperwork ready for you . Just a moment . 	I wonder if I could possibly borrow two bikes from the shop tomorrow ? I ’ ll take actual care of them . I promise you . 
 I think the quality of the photos will speak for themselves . 	Excuse me . I bought this just now and here's a receipt . I'm afraid I was short-changed . Could you look into it ? 
 That's all right . It's not your fault . 	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique . 
 That sounds great . 	Hey , Maris , are you a part-timer ? 
 It's a kind of investment . If I choose a good stock and hold it long enough , I can get good returns . 	Let me suggest this one . It's an excellent watch , it looks good , and it's only $ 100 . 
 Never believe his words . 	We're having trouble with Bob . 
 I think so . I ’ Ve got the shopping list , so let ’ s go . 	It's very nice of you to invite me . 
 Thanks . I will . 	Tommy played truant today . His teacher called me this morning . 
 No , there ’ s no need . Thank you all the same . 	Do you know something about Mount Tai ? 
 That would be my pleasure . I'll wrap the perfume up in the gift box for you too . 	Don't throw paper on the floor , Bill . 
 That ’ s more than my round-trip ticket ! 	Hello . Is Becky there , please ? 
 Oh , no , it won't . Just stand there , please . 	Excuse me , is this where I can catch a bus to the museum ? 
 I want to be a lawyer in the future and the Law School was one of the best schools in Harvard . 	John got a heart attack last night . 
 It is totally $ 20 including the deposit for films . 	I think this one will do . 
 All right . I'll get it . 	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
 Really ? I am sorry , sir . We will look into this matter . Would you please wait a moment here ? 	I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening . 
 En ... it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me . 	So how can I make it ? 
 It sounds amazing to me . 	Your office called and said that the owners had made a counter-offer to my offer to purchase their house . 
 I don't like to take any medicine at all without talking it over with a doctor first . 	How are you doing today ? How many in your book today ? 
 Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ? 	I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something . 
 Come on , don ’ t flatter me anymore . I took the job because I love being challenged . But I can ’ t get this turned around without the support from you people . 	In the discus throw , you scored 30 meters at the final throw . How did you make it ? 
 Ah , well , we have no choice . 	I finally found an apartment that I want to rent . 
 How nice of you to say so . 	Have the owners answered back with a counter-offer for my offer to purchase the house ? 
 How silly John is . 	Please lend me some money . 
 All that's left is to cook it . 	Okay , well I ’ m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position . 
 That's no use.This is morning rush hour . 	How delicious ! Tender and crisp ! 
 Thanks for the visit , Betty . 	Honey , I think you should quit smoking . 
 Ok ! We'll definitely go to visit your company . 	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday . 
 Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me . 	Hi , Jenny . Are you going to school now ? 
 Some people say he's from New York . 	What can I get for you today ? 
 That sounds like a plan to me . 	Excuse me , madam . Is this seat taken ? 
 No , thank you . 	Good morning . Elly company . 
 Certainly , sir . 	Do you have any other questions ? 
 Good luck to you . 	Do you feel like going to see a movie tonight ? 
 Thank you . Just a moment , please . 	I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this . 
 Please inform us of your decision as soon as possible . 	Before we begin eating , I'd like to present everyone with a gift from Taiwan . 
 Thank you . 	We need to figure out how much money we ’ re spending and what we ’ re spending it on . 
 it sounds like you just need to be more careful . 	How are your Chinese and English ? 
 Two small boxes . 	Bill , I'm expecting a big increase in turnover with the coming of the Mid-Autumn Festival . But wholesales are unwilling to supply my orders unless I pay them an advance of 50 % of the full price , for my business is fairly new . I hope that you can make me an advance on loan . 
 Good idea ! 	I don't think the lecture is very interesting . 
 No . There's no call-out fee . It's included in the annual service contract . 	Some places aren't good to go.But I can show you the right bus to take . It will be no problem . 
 Not bad , just let it go . 	Is this the registration office ? 
 If you bring some ID with you , it's possible for you to make a withdrawal over the counter if you need to . But unfortunately , without your new card you cannot use the ATM , so all withdrawals must be made within working hours . 	I really think if I can get my foot in the door at this company it will do wonders for my career . Do you think you can help me polish my interview style ? 
 Yes , you are right . 	It's quite cold this early morning , isn't it ? 
 Thank you . I am glad we have come to an agreement at last . 	Daniel . Mind your eye ! 
 How happy you are ! I have to stay at home to prepare my final exam . 	Mary ! I haven ’ t seen you since our dinner with Mr . Lee last week . Where have you been hiding yourself lately ? 
 I'm afraid not . He's in jail for house-breaking at the moment . 	Well , I ’ Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers . 
 Yes , we met last year at a conference . 	What's up ? You look depressed . 
 Wonderful ! And , you mentioned ' perks ' ? I do hope I'll be getting some of those . 	I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price . 
 Sorry . I'll clean it up . 	Happy birthday , Jim ! 
 That's right . I could stand to lose a few pounds , too . 	I ’ m looking for a budget hotel in Orlando . Have you ever stayed at the Comfort Hotel ? 
 That will be great . 	What's the weather like in your city ? 
 No problem . Wait for a moment . 	Excuse me . My name is Richard Davis of Magic Office Supplies . I'm here to see Mr.Chen . 
 OK , thank you . 	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past . 
 I'm fed up with his boring lectures . 	Are you here about your ticket ? 
 yeah , I crave my own space . i just so tired of having people around me all time . 	Miss Sun , could you please type this report for me ? 
 Hold on . We will be successful right away . 	Miss , the air-conditioner in my room doesn't work . 
 Gee , I don't think I own any red underwear , but I can buy some ! 	Why did the boss come down on Joe like a ton of bricks . 
 I'm the Project Manager so I have to make sure our projects run smoothly . I work with three Project Engineers . They take care of after-sales service and look after the maintenance side of the business . 	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ? 
 Okay . Good night . See you at breakfast . 	Mom ! 
 You are welcome 	How often does the bus run ? 
 Good idea . 	I'm sorry , I'm engaged at 2 p . m . 
 In our company , the loborial force makes up 60 % of our workers . We'd just be letting slightly over half the folks out a little early . 	Sally , I ’ m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ’ s Sichuan cooking . 
 I see . Thank you . 	Do you know how to drive ? 
 Here I ’ ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us ? 	I'm looking for a pan I can use in my kitchen . 
 Thousand Island , please . 	I want to buy a wallet . 
 Have you ever heard the ads say anything bad about their products ? 	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ? 
 Good idea . The more people you ask , the better your chances are . 	How could we advertise our celebrations to mark the centenary of the founding of the university ? 
 Ok , I will bring you photos as many as possible . 	Good day to you . How can I be of service today ? 
 Okay , I'll sign you up . 	Excuse me , please.Could you tell me how to get to the No . 10 Middle School ? 
 I feel a sense of accomplishment when I finish a job and it turned out just as I'd planned . 	How did you know ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What are your responsibilities as a secretary ? 
 They're glad ? ! 	Can I go to my room now ? 
 Thank you . 	Do you have something to read ? 
 San Diego . 	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ? 
 It will be a long story . We have many differences , for example , she usually puts all her clothes into washing machine . That is the sort of thing I can not bear . 	What do you plan on making as a side dish for dinner ? 
 What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening ! 	Passport , please , madam . 
 We should take a packed lunch on the journey . The food they sell on the trains is always expensive . 	John ? It ’ s Susan Miller . 
 Cool ! Well , let's go over there to join mom . I want to tell her all about the special pests-killing method . 	We're sorry , but we cannot allow your claim . 
 Ok , I have the number . Bye ! 	Hi , Mary , you have been a secretary for several years in this company . Could you tell me what a secretary should do for a meeting or a conference ? 
 No , he didn't want to leave , but his wife did ! 	Which university did you graduate from ? 
 Ok , a bottle of the house red please ! 	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ? 
 My birthday is in June , when we are always on holiday . So my family often forgets my birthday too . 	Are you through with your meal ? 
 That's reasonable . 	Do you think they two will get married ? 
 Sounds good . Thanks . 	This is the White Rose Restaurant.May I help you ? 
 Not at all . 	Thanks for offering to give me a lift . I'm looking forward to this party , but I didn't want to go alone . 
 Good . We can contact the Tiana Office Furniture Store , and ask them to install computers in our company , deliver new tables and other furniture to match the function of the computers , and to improve our work atmosphere simultaneously . 	What do you consider to be your weakness ? 
 Yes , I have . 	I was wondering if you need any help on your new project . 
 Thank you . 	Good morning , may I help you ? 
 Oops ! 	What's your number ? 
 My boss wants me to finish this project tonight . 	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ? 
 Anytime you have a question , please feel free to ask ! 	All right , Mr . Crane , when will you be arriving in the city ? 
 OK , I'll tell him that you called . 	Can we talk ? 
 Oh , he had fooled me . 	Excuse me . I'm afraid you're in my seat . You've moved my books . 
 Yes . I ’ d be delighted if you did . 	Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ? 
 Oh , sorry . I ’ ll put it out . 	Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it . 
 You ’ ll make more money that way . 	good afternoon ! Can I help you ? 
 Well , you should have kept an eye on it . 	Can you study with the radio on ? 
 Now that's a great plan . It's a date ! 	How do you like this dress ? 
 No problem . Pick me up something to eat too , please . 	When do you want to have the open house party ? 
 Certainly , perhaps . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 I see , thank you very much ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 Bye . 	Good afternoon ! 
 I would say it's about 5 degree Celsius . 	Can you read what this says ? 
 You are lazy . You ought to be ashamed ? You should enjoy working . 	Are you free tonight ? 
 Sure . This is the warranty . The cut , color , clarity , weight and the manufacturer of the diamond are all indicated in this document . 	Have you got any experience in advertising ? 
 Thank you . 	ABC Rent-a-Car . May I help you ? 
 Very well . Just take your time . 	The weather is really miserable . It has been raining hard all day long . 
 Wait a moment , please . 	Please bring your baggage here for inspection . 
 Thanks for tucking me , Mom . 	Did you say that Ted was at your mercy ? 
 Yes , and if I stay with you , we will have to walk back home to New York.Because we will lose all our money and our plane tickets too ! 	What is your hobby ? 
 But number 13 buses leave from the centre of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one . 	Excuse me , are there any more shopping carts ? 
 See you later . 	Thank you so much for interviewing me this evening . 
 It seems you've got everything done . Now I can finally stop worrying about it and get back to work . 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 I don't know . Maybe it ’ s some kind of personal problem . 	Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I prefer the linen one . 	When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ? 
 You must have over 2 years'experience first . 	Henry , don ’ t get out of doing housework . 
 Now you're talking . 	What did you think of the teambuiding session this morning ? Do you think it did much good ? 
 well , I can ’ t just image it . 	What do you want to do tomorrow night ? 
 In Seoul . But the company has operations in over fifty countries and thirty factories all over the world . 	Mary ? Are you still there ? 
 It's there by the window . 	Oh , my god ! I look so old . I look as if I were 40 . I think it's time for some plastic surgeries . I'm tired of these wrinkles and sagging skin . 
 Even so , we can't do business with him.he ' s not reliable . 	Happy New Year , Bill . 
 Thank you , here's your change . 	Good morning , everybody . Welcome to IAM Technology . I'm very pleased so many of you could make it here today . My name's Sam Weiss . I'm the Production Manager . I'd like to show you the layout of the factory before we go and visit it . As you can see from this diagram , everything is under one roof . We've designed it this way to help the flow of materials and to avoid bottlenecks . 
 That's what I am worried about . I do understand the respect attached with the gift and I am honored . But I really don't think it's proper for a student to spend a fortune on a gift for a professor . I think we need to have a talk to make sure we are on the same page . 	What do you think of this one ? 
 Yes , so I want to learn French to develop my career . 	How nice it is here 
 Well , I don't see the point of arguing this . 	What a great weekend that was ! 
 Sure . I ’ d like to see how it washes . 	Can you give me a hand with my luggage ? 
 It's of good quality . 	I like pop music very much . 
 You're lucky ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 Titanic ? That old film ? but I've seen it before ! 	I hope the food here is good . 
 Yes , sir . 	Hello . This is the Directory Assistance . Can I help you ? 
 Sure . Let me help you . 	You look like being on cloud nine . 
 I am really sorry too , maybe I can give you a call sometime . 	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ? 
 I have to say your education and experience are very outstanding , but it seems that you are not good at working in a team which we attach great importance to . 	What do you think of the apartment ? 
 Don't lose this receipt , because insurance companies are very difficult about helping when they don't have the right paperwork . 	what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome to China , Mr . Martin . 
 That is of great concern to out clients . We aim to satisfy all claims within a month , but we can ’ t guarantee that 	Are you going to helen ’ s birthday party on Friday evening ? 
 All-right guy ? All right . Let's talk about something else instead . 	What are you reading ? 
 Yes , I had a wonderful time . 	What's the matter here ? 
 Yes , of course . I will book the tour . 	Hello , can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Would you like to go to a concert tonight ? 
 Alright . And I won't go to that cafe for awhile . 	I know that you are interested in our washers . 
 Consult your bank and see if they will reduce the required deposit to a minimum . 	Hi , Tina , it's Joe . 
 Frightened ? You must be joking . 	Where do we get off at ? 
 No I didn ’ t . I worked in the morning then I played tennis with my husband . 	How many hours do you work a week ? 
 You have no idea how proud I am of myself . 	Hello again . Have you come to a decision ? 
 In all honesty , it's also a great deal for our company . The exposure that we gained from sponsoring an invent like this was great for our image in the community . We accomplished as much as last year's advertising campaign , plus we were able to do a little fundraising for a good cause . 	OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ? 
 That's fine . See you then . 	Ann , it's terrible ! 
 It's reasonable . Here you are . 	Mark , can you dress the twins for me while I take a shower ? 
 Well , it seems that I should do some jogging from tomorrow on . 	Oh , no . It looks like we're late . 
 Thank you . I will need a cashier ’ s check or cash , please . 	A friend told me I might find a room here . 
 I believe such things won ’ t be realized , just daydreaming . 	Hello , Pineapple Computer Company . This is Janice Shaw , the secretary of Nova . May I ask who is calling ? 
 May I have your name ? 	I just heard that you won the long-distance race . Congratulations on your victory . 
 And he is English ! He makes a model gentleman when he puts on a black suit and speaks with a typical British accent . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 I am glad you let me know that you will be missing class . Get well ! 	What's the cheapest way to go there ? 
 I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow . 	Morgan , can I ask you a question ? 
 I see . Well , keep up the good work . See you later . 	Can I take your order ? 
 I will . Thank you for all . 	Is there something wrong ? You look so sad . 
 Ok . I can't wait to see it . Let's go ! 	Do you watch a lot of TV ? 
 Mr.Smith has changed his job . 	What's wrong with you ? 
 Bingo ! It's dark outside , Let's hurry up . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Because your travel agency has a good fame in this market ; what's more , all the staff here are working very hard . I like doing some challenging job . 	Which department do you want to register with ? 
 I don't like caps at all . 	Wow , you ’ re up early today ! What ’ s for breakfast ? 
 It ’ s all my faults . I forget where I put it . 	Thank you for bringing me here Hong , this place looks great ! 
 Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out . 	My Chinese friends told me that the Spring Festival is coming soon . Can you tell me something about it ? 
 Exactly . 	Are you feeling OK ? 
 No , my wife doesn ’ t like traveling . We haven ’ t been traveling for more than ten years . The first time we traveled together was in 1978 when we just got married . We spent our honeymoon in the Alps . 	Can I help you ? 
 That's fine , thanks . 	That's all you need to know about the interview for the job as a fireman . Any other questions ? 
 That's exactly how I feel . 	Please sit down . 
 I was just kidding . 	Good morning , Jerry.How ' s everything ? 
 Why not ? That's a good idea to help them . 	morning . Macmillan and Emory . May I help you ? 
 It's interesting and I want to buy one home . 	This small town has many serious problems . 
 This is all your medicine . You need to take it four times a day for three days straight . 	Good evening , sir . I understand that you have been robbed . 
 Maybe he shouldn ’ t come to collage , he should become a football star . 	Julia and Anne have both taken dance lessons.They want to be famous dancer , I think . 
 I think so.Thank you . 	What's your favorite sport ? 
 Wow , must be interesting to watch dragon boats compete a-gainst one another on the city river . 	Why don't you come round for a meal one evening next week ? 
 See you then . 	Fill it up , PLS . 
 I will . Thank you . 	Do you do morning exercises ? 
 Yeah ! Remember that one about putting light bulbs in your mouth ? 	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? 
 Oh , how wonderful ! 	I prefer potatoes to eggplants . 
 Now that I have an idea of what you want , I can begin my search . 	White Rose Restaurant . Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Does this dress look OK on me ? 
 That's all right . 	I'm sorry to tell you that I have to cancel our appointment . 
 Okay , I'll do it next time . 	I am sorry I am so late to work . 
 Hmm ... I don't know . Even though it may not be gory , I think it would still totally freak me out . 	Madam , what can I do for you ? 
 Same here . 	My name is Steven Smith and I'm calling to cancel my plane ticket . 
 That's a good idea . 	What ’ s the first thing you do when you go to the bathroom in the morning ? 
 Maybe I should go and ask him whether it's true . 	Do you have a park in the city ? 
 You can bring one , if you want to . 	Mom , what are we going to make tonight ? 
 Thank you very much . 	May I help you ? 
 It is all up to you . 	Give me a call tomorrow . 
 OK . 	Is this supply ? 
 Near sighted . 	Good coming . 
 Pardon ? The line is bad . Don ’ t hang up please . I ’ ll have the call transferred to another line . 	What happen , John ? 
 I think I prefer train . It's cheaper and safe . 	Would you like a cup of coffee ? 
 Nothing much . 	Ten sheets of rice paper , 25 brushes , two boxes of oil color and two boxes of water color . All these come up to $ 35.50 , sir . 
 Oh , that's great ! Thank you . 	There is a tornado warning on . My mother just told me she heard it on the radio . 
 Here you are . Take your time . 	Can I collect unemployment benefits ? 
 Maybe we could try it again in a few months when things have settled down . 	hi , my name's Abby . What's your name ? 
 I understand . 	I have a good feeling about this house . 
 I took computer science and English courses as my minor subjects . 	Hey , Shirley ! Want to join me for lunch ... my treat ! 
 I know , but you deserve it . 	I'd love that . I'm so glad I quit . It's time for a change . 
 Can we start tomorrow though ? 	Do you need help with something ? 
 I appreciate it . It is related to company image . 	Please excuse me , but I really have to be going . 
 I don't know how they function the next day ! It's like they eat and breathe soccer ! 	Good morning , Miss Li . 
 Thank you very much . 	Do you want to buy something here ? 
 Thank you . I need to get this done as soon as possible ; my manager is tearing his hair out ! 	How about the working hours ? 
 And you know , how those express trains create suction . 	What's up , buddy ? You look so upset . 
 All right . 	Hello . I am calling to apply for the job as an airlines staff . I'd like to check it . Is it part-time or a full-time job ? 
 Well , that's true . In a sense , it is not so much what you drink that really counts , as where and how you drink . 	Well , if it isn't the teacher's pet ! 
 Same to you . 	What are you grinning about ? 
 Yes , I did . I had a fine time . 	I don't have any more cash , and I have to get on another bus to get home . 
 Go right ahead . 	Mary , I will have an interview tomorrow . I am so excited ! 
 Fine . Thank you . 	What's the best way downtown ? 
 Yes , great . I am happy you are coming . 	You look really wiped out ? 
 I don't want to miss it today . 	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ? 
 Well , have a good day off from class . 	Could you help me figure out why I am missing my unemployment check for this week ? 
 My favorite recreation is cooking . I learned to cook Chinese dishes and western style dishes as well . It keeps me busy and makes me happy . 	On Saturday night I ’ m going to have a small get-together . 
 I guess that one-piece isn't too bad , either . ( to be continued ) 	Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house . 
 Hey ! I thought you weren't interested ! Sorry , I've gotta go ! I'm going to switch over to eBay and see if my bid is still the highest . 	Excuse me , sir . I am coming to apply for the position of accountant . 
 I'm sorry , but I can't ! That's something my grandmother would sing ! 	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree . 
 Please go to receive optometry first over there . 	How can I help you today ? 
 just walk down this road and you'll find it . it's on the right side . 	so , tell me about your new house . How is it different to your old one ? 
 Sure . At least if I do get robbed , heaven forbid , I can get my money back using the traveller's cheques insurance . Once , when I was travelling in France , I was pick-pocketed and not only did you replace my Traveller's Cheques for free , you also did it extremely quickly and easily . 	What day is today ? 
 Sure , please give me $ 10 in advance . l Wil have them bought for you . 	Have you find any job that you are interested in ? 
 That would be great ! Thanks a lot ! 	Come on in.Let me show you the house.Isn ' t it something ? 
 I'm sure of what I'm doing . 	What will you do now ? Propose to her . 
 Where there are difficulties , there are ways to get over them . Hold on ! 	Annie , do you like shopping online ? 
 And if we don't need them , we won't need Zina , either . 	I'm tired . 
 Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don ’ t worry about it , it happens to me all the time . I ’ m terrible with names too . 	Are you coming or not ? 
 They would say I am a dependable friend and a capable colleague . 	( Having lunch with Joseph ) Have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	I've come to apologize for what I said yesterday . 
 Enjoy yourself . 	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ? 
 Certainly , sir . 	Be quick . Put our bags in the deposit box . 
 you're welcome . And we have 24 hour reception . Please don't hesitate to call anytime if you have any further questions . 	How do you dispose of the waste in your factory ? 
 That ’ d be fine . 	Is it going to rain today ? 
 Really ? I have a weakness for coffee . 	Susan ? What brings you here today ? 
 Certainly , perhaps . 	Why you are so crazy about Beijing Opera ? It's so boring . 
 Uh ... yeah .. of course ! 	Ah ! No ! Damn it ! 
 Poor guy ! It will take him a long time to get back on his feet . 	May , is the university a terrible place ? 
 Forget it . It was an accident . 	Are you a social person ? 
 No , thanks . 	Hello ! Are you shopping here today ? Haven't I seen you in some flea markets and thrift shops a couple of times ? 
 Oh , really ? Thanks , I ’ m going to do that right now . 	Hi , taxi.Could you take me to the financial street , please 
 That's good.Cotton is soft and flexible . 	Hello , this is Lin Tao . I am calling to inquire about my interview result last week . 
 Yeah . Anytime . 	I would like to have a custom-made skirt . 
 We ’ ll need a letter from your university and a financial statement from you . 	Where can I find the produce ? 
 It's a deal . 	May I help you , Miss ? 
 Yes.Your name , please ? 	Hello . Good morning , Stately Restaurant . May I help you ? 
 I guess we could also put out a few advertisements for our website inside of the search engine . I would like to find the most effective way to let people know about our site and our products . 	Sir , how can I help you ? 
 I hope so . 	Honey come on ! We are going to be late ! Honestly , you take longer getting ready than I do ! 
 Yes , I know . He's really on the A-list . 	I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It's unbelievable . 
 I think so too . 	Hello . 
 I think they sell both at the cafeteria . 	Hi , Mark ! Hi , do you have a minute ? 
 Certainly . I ’ Ve already worked out a general budget for all the departments . 	Did you go camping last Saturday ? 
 Thank you , and have a nice day . 	But Sue is indeed beaut . Men can hardly resist such a knock-out . 
 Hopefully , I ’ ll get accepted to UCLA . 	Can you believe that Obama was actually elected ? 
 That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ? 	Which restaurant do you prefer ? 
 Okay , it'll be ready in two minutes . 	Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ? 
 Oh , of course . 	I'd like to reserve a table for three this evening . 
 Well . Don't worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you . 	Is there a lot of crime in your city ? 
 Maybe you should let me know about your plan . I want to take my kids there some day . too . 	Bill , do you know when did the Chinese begin to celebrate Teachers ' Day ? 
 See you . 	May I please speak to Robert ? 
 Thank you for your help . 	Hello , miss . Can you bring me something to drink ? 
 Because its trunk is not thick enough to be like a thousand-year-old tree . 	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years . 
 Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway . 	Watch out ! It's dark over there . 
 No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again . 	Hey ! What's up ? 
 That's great . I will go hiking with you . 	This is today ’ s schedule . At 8 thirty AM , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the staff for preventatives . 
 Yes , we do . Here is your bill and receipt . 	Excuse me , I wonder if you could help me ? 
 1336 yuan . 	We need to know whether you have the special training . 
 It ’ s great . 	What do you think of the former champ ? 
 Thirty percent discount , OK ? That ’ s the lowest price . 	How come it is slow as a snail today ? 
 OK , I'll try . I'll call you again if that doesn't work . 	shall we dance ? 
 I got you . Their competitive edge lies mainly in endurance and stamina . They are creatures from the savannah , and take to running like antelopes . 	What can I help you with today ? 
 It looks best in spring , when the plum and cherry blossoms are out . 	I really want to make a salad . 
 Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation ! 	Is Betty Sue in her office ? 
 Just think of it as a hobby . Then it's actually fun . 	What can I do for you , Madam ? 
 That's exactly what I think too . 	Do you have a boyfriend ? 
 It ’ s a very important experience for me . First , it improved my organizing ability , and let me understand how to resolve a problem in the overall perspective instead of my own perspective . Second , it let me know how to cooperate in harmony with people who I like or dislike . 	Hey , Ben ... did you catch the game last night ? 
 Sorry . I take that back . I mean the copper Buddha you wanted . 	This shirt is really nice . 
 See you then . 	What is the most unexpected thing you experienced in space ? 
 That's a good idea . Let's see if we can get more people in this plan . There isn't much business these days anyway , so I think many people will be interested . 	I think these patterns are quite good . Can you give me a price indication of these ? 
 You're welcome . 	Pardon me . I need an old music box . 
 I am glad you like it . Welcome next time . 	Yes , emergency . There is a huge fire here . 
 That is a bad attitude to have , Karen ! If you think that way , Las Vegas will be really dangerous for you . 	Hello , may I help you ? 
 My pleasure . 	Did you hear Peter just retired ? 
 No time to worry . We have to dispose of this evidence . 	That's right . And I'm going to be Vice President of Marketing . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ? 
 No.But it's a bit strange today . 	Kim , have you made contact with Mr . Lee ? 
 0kay . Dinner's on me . 	Did you meet the new girl in our sales department . She is taking the place of Maggie during her alternative leave . 
 Poor girl ! 	Hi ! I need to request a wake-up call for tomorrow morning . 
 I don't care what other people think . I am ready for a lift . 	Excuse me . I would like to book a table at 13:00 . 
 I can wait , but my toothache can't ! 	Can I borrow your Cds for our school dance ? 
 This is the perfect opportunity for Ecuador to get ahead in this match and become World Champions ! He gets ready for the kick . He shoots ! and he ... 	You know John ? 
 No , I'm fine . 	I'm so hungry . Shall we go eat now , Rick ? 
 I can't help it . 	Come on ! It's time to go ! 
 Absolutely . 	When can we expect you and your daughter for dinner ? Next Saturday ? 
 Bye . 	Here ’ s your hot dog and beer . What happened ? Did I miss anything ? 
 Bye . 	Are the ceremony and reception held in the same place ? 
 I promise you'll have it tomorrow . 	Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . 
 Absolutely . Take my word for it . 	Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ? 
 Right . 	I thought about what you said . 
 Thanks . Have a nice trip . 	I can ’ t believe my English teacher is making me read pride and prejudice ! 
 That's too bad . 	My pal , you are so nervous recently . You don't need to be like that . 
 You ’ re a real friend in need . 	I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can't find a cheap plane ticket . 
 My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok . 	I don't think the lecture is very interesting . 
 I woke up today thinking this would be just like any other ordinary day , but I was wrong . A twist of fate brought us together . I crashed into your life and you into mine , and this may sound crazy , but I ’ m falling in love with you , Veronica . 	Excuse me . Could you please take a picture of us with this camera ? 
 Thank you , but I am in a terrible mood indeed . 	Who's that old lady trimming the trees ? 
 All right . Let me prepare the supper . 	Hi , I ’ m Cindy , the office clerk . What can I do for you ? 
 Well , honey , I can teach you how to plant them if you want to learn . 	Are you going to take the job ? 
 Ok . I'll talk to you later . 	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ? 
 Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get to class . 	I would like to speak to you , if you don ’ t mind . 
 print ( md5 ( this_is_a_test_string ) ); die ( ); / * 	I'm trying to reach Robert please . 
 We're an Employment Agency . 	what's your apartment like ? 
 Sure thing , Johnny . Watch out for dishpan hands there , kid ! 	Mary , could you please come in for a short while ? 
 I am not interested in trying this restaurant again . 	Hi , Martin . I ’ Ve been looking for you all morning . 
 That's right . 	I'm calling to ask about your apartment you advertised . 
 If you give me your credit card , I can take care of it for you . 	Are you paid on a commission or salary basis now ? 
 I'm fine for now , thanks . 	You look pale recently . 
 Then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female , because that is sexist . 	Mr . Lee , all ready to check out ? We ’ Ve already prepared your bill , and housekeeping has done a quick check of the room . How will you be paying ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Do you know that song ? 
 I'm glad . Now , there's a deposit fee of two month's rent . 	What lovely weather ! 
 Not only that . The job I ’ m doing now is the most boring job you can imagine . 	What's the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ? 
 Some of the scenes moved me into tears . 	Why am I being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered ? 
 I'm honored to know you . 	So Chris , I've heard that you're from a big family . How many people ? 
 All right . 	You know that this job requires frequent business travel . Can you accept it ? 
 Let me go to school , please ! I'm sick of medicine , sick of soup , and sick of being sick ! 	I was wondering if this is where the Resume Writing Workshop is being held . 
 Don't lose this receipt , because insurance companies are very difficult about helping when they don't have the right paperwork . 	Awful ! My cell phone is out of service again . Fred , can you lend me some money ? 
 Thank you . 	Are you willing to work abroad ? 
 Sure , no problem . 	Taxi . 
 Sixty dollars . 	Greg . I want to speak to you for a minute . 
 Well , just as long as you realize that red means no parking and white means loading and unloading , I think you know what you need to know . 	Right , that ends the third and final part of our presentation . I'd like to end by emphasizing the main points . I'll give you a brief summary . There are three potential areas for development in the future , domestic , overseas market , and the internet . Each of these markets have their own particular need for marketing strategy ... for domestic , we can rely on past research , for overseas markets we depend heavily on our cultural consultants , and for the internet , we need to redo our image to appeal to a young set of consumers . Our main issue here is that we need to be sensitive to the needs of different markets in order to continue to see success . Mark , did you have anything to add ? 
 You have lots of friends . They will be there , too ! 	Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick . 
 Em , you ’ re right . 	Could I speak to Mary , please ? 
 That's a relief . 	Did you make it to school today ? 
 I prefer it to working independently . I think most people do . 	I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do ? 
 That's fine too . 	Stop burping . 
 You are welcome . 	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific ! 
 It doesn't seem to be so easy . 	Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season . 
 I must , if I want to pass the course . 	Taxi ! 
 Very good , we'll take them all . 	Where should I sit ? 
 $ 120 ? ! Then I should go and see what I can get ... 	Can ’ t you come in and have tea now , Peter ? 
 All right . That sounds like fun . 	Are you saying you saw an eagle ? There are no eagles here . 
 It is said that the Cowherd and the Spinster , the lover stars in heaven , can only meet on the seventh Eve , so this day has become the Lover's Day . 	Hello ! 
 Take your pick , Julie . 	Amy , could you help me with this work ? 
 Don't mention it . Good luck . You're going to need it . 	Are you going anywhere for your vacation ? 
 Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it . 	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ? 
 Don't worry . You'll do better next time . 	What is the most enjoyable part about your job ? 
 Thank you . We'll bring the receipt up to your room when we get it . 	Taylor , you're looking a little pale . Are you sure you want to hand out nametags ? 
 Oh ! I heard that he loves to boss people around . 	Would you make me a dust coat out of this serge ? 
 No , I think I'm going to go to the movies . 	I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need ! 
 Here you are . 	Let's cross here . 
 Here is his passport.Thank you very much . 	I opened my mail , found this eviction notice , and don ’ t know what to do with it . 
 It looks best in spring , when the plum and cherry blossoms are out . 	Nice dress . How do I look ? Be honest . 
 I love you , too , Dad . Bye . 	My wife is sick , so I have to cancel a reservation I made . 
 Thank you . See , I ’ m planning to buy a car here and I ’ m planning to use my time deposit here as the collateral . 	How are you feeling , Flora ? 
 Stop your nonsense ! Quick . Let ’ s leave the place ! 	How is the college search going ? 
 Don't worry about it . But how was it ? 	Who's that ? 
 Wow , that's unbelievable ! You play so well , but you've never been to a real teacher . You will definitely be famous in the near future . 	How much does it cost for a bus pass ? 
 That sounds just perfect . I'll talk things over with some colleagues and get back to you . Thank you very much for the information . 	Can I help you ? 
 Ice cream , please . 	when do most children start school in your country ? 
 No , but I'll be able to tomorrow . 	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! 
 So have you ever been to the stamp display of the town ? 	There is a very critical debate between the presidential candidates tonight . 
 Ok . People decorate their houses , place a Christmas tree in the room and maybe sing a Christmas carol together . 	T he nineteenth of June is my birthday . I'm planning to have a small party . Could you come ? 
 You need to be interviewed over the phone . They will set up a time for you . 	Can I help you ? 
 Awesome ! 	What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! 
 See you , Frank . 	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink . 
 I can't wait ! 	It's been a long time , Mrs , Lee . 
 ok , we'll be expecting you at 11:30 . See you then . 	I just dropped in to say good-bye . 
 I trust your judgement . Thank you , Quinn . I'll be back tomorrow with a new set . Bye for now . 	Can you exchange this for US dollars , please ? 
 Good . 	Good evening , may I help you ? 
 Sound like everything is great . 	I'm calling to tell you that the merchandise ordered last month has not arrived yet . 
 It would be a really good choice . The movie is very suitable for lovers to see together . I'm sure you won't regret it . 	Kate , will you please make ten copies of this report ? 
 Yes . I'd like to visit France . I'd like to travel all over the world . As you describe it , France seems to be very much like Japan . I would like to see it for myself . 	Good morning . I want to apply for a job in A your company as an assistant . Could you tell me the company address , please ? 
 Ours are for everyone that graduated in the same year . 	Which university did you graduate from ? 
 Yes.Please get this memo typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm . 	Hi , Dan . What's new ? 
 Okay . I ’ ll bring them in tomorrow for sure . 	Can you deliver it , please ? 
 you bet it ! 	Do you know that scientists replicated a sheep into an identical clone . 
 True , but there are limits . Being thin is one thing ; starving oneself to death is another . No one forces them to do this . 	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? 
 Next week . 	Is this the foreign exchange department ? 
 It may take less time , but I don't know about easier . Yuck . 	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . 
 I always meet people like him . 	We wish to express our desire to trade with you in leather shoes . 
 no problem . 	Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC ? 
 Yeah , we should have more roads built . 	Hey man , what do you have on tap ? 
 Great . 	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ? 
 No problem . Good luck . 	What are you doing over the weekend , Sara ? 
 We do think so . 	I wonder if you could help me , I'm looking for a room . 
 OK . 	You didn't ring me last night . You said you would . 
 Absolutely . Take my word for it . 	What kind of jobs have you had ? 
 Thanks a lot . You ’ Ve been very helpful . 	Good morning . Ru Via Hotel , Room Reservation . Can I help you ? 
 Here's your ticket . 	are you a blogger ? 
 Break it up ! I will not permit fighting in this campus . 	what happened ? Why didn't he win ? 
 Thanks for everything . 	I would like to open an account today . 
 That would be great ! How about 2:30 ? 	Can you suggest a few exercise to help me get fit and stretch my muscles a little ? 
 Your performance so far is not quite in line with what we expect for our executives . I hope I ’ Ve made my point . 	Such bad luck , 200 yuan was stolen by a thief on the bus today . 
 Thanks very much . I ’ m sure it will sell well . I can ’ t wait to read it . Here ’ s my card . Thank you for you time . 	I hear that the Students ' Union is going to take new members . 
 ha , well , we have no choice . 	Next , please . May I help you , sir ? 
 I .. I don ’ t feel like saying it . 	How may I help you ? 
 Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration . 	If I wanted to rent a van , how much would it cost ? 
 Ok , Good night , see you at breakfast . 	What are your personal weaknesses ? 
 It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the “ best actor and actress ” . 	Mr . : Hello , Mary . 
 Thanks . I really appreciate it . Thanks so much . 	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago . 
 Let's just hope it doesn't get cold again . 	Are you going home now ? 
 No way . I ’ m watching Ally McNeal . Go to John ’ s to watch the game . 	Oh , boy , I hate to say this , but I really have to leave now . 
 Please fill out the form sir . 	You must like negotiating a lot . People are saying , you are a super negotiator . 
 OK , I'll listen to you . 	Do you still see the people we went to school with ? 
 That reminds me I should buy some new socks to go hiking this weekend . 	What do you think about half day kindergarten for Stacey ? 
 You should be there some Christmas Eve . 	Excuse me , is there a table for 8 right now ? 
 Oh , I get it . My email address is bluedog123@yahoo.com . 	Professor , I will not be here for our next class meeting . 
 I ’ m so sorry , and I will pay much attention to it later . 	Hello , can I help ? 
 Maybe it's because Susan's parents are both painters . 	Hello , this is Li Bo speaking . 
 That ’ s stupid . 	Benter's Books . 
 Surely of course . 	You want to go get a facial with me today ? 
 Absolutely ! Bob and his whole family are welcome here any time ! 	are you ready for the meeting ? 
 We might have a printer here next month . But for now , you'll have to go to the lab . 	Did you hear about Bob and Mary ? 
 I can't forget about this when next time . 	I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room . 
 I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ? 	Is it true that rice is the staple food in most of Southeast Asia ? 
 No , thank you 	Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate . 
 You have the right to an attorney . 	Hello , there . You are looking a little confused ; can I help you with something ? 
 I hope you didn ’ t forget mine ! 	How much is a ticket to Edinburgh ? 
 OK . Don ’ t let it get to you . Goodbye . 	How may I help you today ? 
 Ok . 	Lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ? 
 R is for reverse , P is for park , and D1 and D2 are lower gears for going through snow , or up a steep hill . 	I'm happy to see you again . 
 It's very nice of you . I'll try my best to do my job well . 	You know , I really don ’ t think Americans are very romantic . 
 Well . You ’ re here . 	Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ? 
 If you hire me , I'll start studying Spanish again . 	So do you think you can get to the office alone ? 
 Goodbye . 	Good morning , sir . Do you have a reservation ? 
 Keep working hard , and then you will get another chance of promotion someday . 	Let's play chess . 
 Of course not.Sometimes a poor man can be extremely miserable . 	John , do you have a minute ? 
 No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them . 	Tell me something about your Valentine's Day . 
 OK . 	I failed the exam because I didn't study . 
 That's fantastic . 	Hello , Zhang lin ! Fancy meeting you here ! 
 A barber shop ? ! 	Our son is gone and my heart is gone too . I don ’ t know how to spend the rest of my years . 
 Thanks . You too . 	I am not certain , but I think I might ask to be considered for the new job . 
 Mind your own business . 	Hey Bob . Whatchy doing ? 
 I ’ ll drink to that ! 	Tell me what ’ s the matter with you , Bill . 
 Hello , Chris . How can I help you ? 	Bob , put on your shoes , your feet are really smelly . 
 I hope so . 	So , did I tell you about my New Year ’ s resolution ? I ’ Ve decided to go on a diet . 
 That's very kind of you . 	All right , let's see who's ruining my TV time . 
 There you go . 	Hi , What's for lunch ? 
 Really ? Thank you . 	So , got any more ideas for the website ? 
 I see . Thanks for your help . 	Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ? 
 Sounds great . That's just what I feel like having . 	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ? 
 Yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either . 	When can I know whether I am accepted or not ? 
 Our staff will bring you your order in as short a time as possible . 	What ’ s the area of your country ? 
 That's all right . 	My baggage is missing ! 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	I'm here to conduct the annual census of foreigners living in Beijing . This is my service ID card . 
 1000 Yuan.Here you are . 	Will you be checking in any baggage today ? 
 Oh , a nice handkerchief . That's a great idea . I'll take it . 	Has everything been OK with you lately ? 
 Goodbye . Thanks again . 	Hi , Bob . I heard that you had passed your driving test . Is it true ? 
 I should have known ... 	Are you ready to go to the mall ? 
 great . i am your lucky fellow then . 	How much is the fare ? 
 That should work . I ’ ll see you tomorrow when you return to work . 	Taxi ! 
 That was my line , Mark . I know we worked on the ad together , but that was definitely my line . 	Excuse me . Is this seat taken ? 
 I look forward to seeing you soon.Goodbye ! 	Can you help me do an internet search ? 
 Don ’ t lose your reason . Go to find him and talk with him . 	Look at the cloud . 
 Thanks , I ’ ll ask him . 	I hate to go outside . 
 I think if everyone pitches in , the world will be a better place . 	Is Bob home ? 
 That's definitely true . I'm going to have to give you a ticket . Please remember to drive more carefully next time . 	Good afternoon , need any help ? 
 Sure , and I'm glad to meet you . Thanks for your help . 	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . 
 lt's made of silk and you had better wash it by hand in cold water . 	Come on in.Let me show you the house.Isn ' t it something ? Spacious , bright and clean.And the walls were newly painted.Have you ever seen such a nice house ? 
 Oh , no . Too much work . I hate to sweat . It's so gross . 	I'd like to purchase a parking permit for next semester . 
 That's fine . let's go skating together tomorrow . 	Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Good ideas . 	How's your new car ? 
 That ’ s what you get for working in a male-dominated field . I think you ’ ll find that most male bosses in your industry are already conditioned to treat females in this way . You probably won ’ t be able to change him . 	Willy , I don't think we have much butter . Can you buy some ? 
 That's okay . 	Honey , can you set the table ? 
 Thank you for pursuing this . I appreciate your help . 	I booked a double room for tonight . My name is Ruth Joy . 
 You are risking your neck . Don ’ t you know they have guns . 	Why are you so rude to your wife ? 
 I graduated and I'am working towards my next degree . 	wow , the duck looks so delicious . Should we order it , Rick ? 
 Not at all . A party is a party . I ’ ll be happy to come . 	Billy , you are late again . 
 That's quite reasonable . 	Hello Mary . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Are you still seeing Paul ? 
 What I do is find the website of shops . Then someone from our company visits the shop and buys when they ’ re seen that the products are genuine and suitable . 	People are funny . 
 Count me out . 	Have you been ever been to Disneyworld ? 
 Ok , I get the message . Hey , do you have any sisters ? 	Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ? 
 Take a few days off from work and don't wear yourself out . 	I am sorry , I have broken my wine glass , and would you please bring me another ? 
 Yes , I did , but I didn ’ t do very well . I made the final in both events , but came last . At least I made the final . I was very pleased with that . 	Would you excuse me ? 
 oath ... that makes so much more sense ! Ha-ha . Well , great , I don't like German food anyway ! 	Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ? 
 Get the jam and butter while you are in there ! Oh ! And don ’ t forget the syrup ! 	I'm afraid I have lost my air ticket while I was shopping . 
 You're lucky . 	Look at these gorgeous paintings ! 
 He must have a good ear . 	Could you drive me to the bank ? 
 That ’ s fine , as long as you can get that report typed up before you leave . 	What are you reading ? 
 And about time too ! 	I was inquiring about a bill that I never got . 
 Don't be so jealous . He never speaks ill of you before me . 	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ? 
 Ever since I saw computer can do your project , I wanted to have a computer . 	Excuse me , sir , since my train leaves at 16:00 . Have you a 3 - hour tour ? 
 Great ! I'll look forward to it . We'll make sure and check the mail for our invitation . 	Have you eaten ? 
 Yes , please . We need a record of you education and your work experiences . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thanks , but I'm a lousy typist . 	Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . 
 You may keep it for the time being . I'm not using it now . 	Is this the class to prepare for interviews ? 
 It should take at least 20 minutes to get there . Are there any shuttle buses running place to place around the whole zoo ? 	Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK ? 
 Really ? No , they couldn ’ t . None of them would have jobs if they did . 	What do you feel like eating this morning ? 
 It will give rise to occasional insomnia . OK , let's enjoy the tea before it gets cold . 	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won ! 
 You're welcome . 	Hey , what sort of drinks do you want ? Gatorade or water ? 
 Thank you , I'll try again later . 	What are you doing ? Checking the " to do " list for the wedding ? 
 Thanks ! 	When can we expect you for dinner ? Can you come tonight ? 
 OK , I'll tell him . 	Did you bring some lunch with you ? 
 Yes , there is one at 8: 30 a . m . That arrives at 11:35 a . m . 	Where are we going to visit today ? 
 Let me go get it for you . 	I cooked , so ... 
 That's right . His voice ranges from the smooth sound of ballads to the highpowered rhythms of the Spanish Caribbean where he grew up . He has fan clubs across the world , from America to Russia , from England to Taiwan , from Norway to Australia . 	Well , that was an interesting documentary ! 
 I see . Thank you . 	Does it look too big ? 
 That would be wonderful . Thanks ! 	Hello , welcome to Credit Services . How can we help you ? 
 Anyhow , this dress is really elegant . 	Dear Anna . I really love you . 
 It's my pleasure . Well , then , see you tomorrow . 	Can you help me find a pan ? 
 Yes , Mum . 	You are in the pink recently . How do you make it ? 
 The accounts department , no problem . I'm just putting you through now . 	Hi , United Airlines ? This is Elizabeth parks calling . I have a reservation on the 2:30 p . m . flight to Shanghai this afternoon . 
 Yeah . I would rather get one nice watch instead of 20 mediocre ones . 	How much does this cost ? 
 I don't think so . 	Good morning ! Marquette General Hospital . Tia speaking . May I help you ? 
 I'm afraid not ! Now this is just between you and me . 	Hotel front desk . 
 Bye-bye . 	I have an appointment for half past one . 
 That was the straw that broke the camel's back . 	Did you take the written test ? 
 Thank you very much . 	I want to rent this car for 5 days . 
 Nothing seems to be happier for them . 	Hello , Walter ? 
 By bike , of course.You don't want to miss the beautiful scenery , do you ? 	Thank you . I'm very glad to be here . As Ms . Tina said , the purpose of my presentation today is to familiarize you with the new EBB . As you probably know , EBB stands for Electronic Book Player . Our company put the original EBB on the market a year ago , but we have since all developed an improved model which we believe will be a big seller in both China and the U . S . 
 Have a nice journey ! Do give my regards to your parents . 	Steven , have you any friend in London ? 
 Just one moment , sir . Here you are – 767-4512 . 	Have you been in America long , Hellen ? 
 See you . 	I wonder what we should have for dinner this evening ? 
 Certainly . 	Taxi ! 
 well , there is no doubt that many people have found jobs through the want ads in the newspaper . 	I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening.My wife is terribly ill . 
 OK . I know what to do now . Thank you . 	She is kind of player who never hides how she's feeling . Once look at her and you know if she's winning or losing . 
 Ok . 	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ? 
 Yes . I was awarded a scholarship from the university every year . In 1995 I participated in the National Contest of Maths Models and I won the prize . 	Vancouver is the third largest city in Canada . 
 Fine . Now complete this form and sign your name at the bottom . 	Good morning . Can I help you ? 
 Ok , Thanks . 	Hi , Bob , everything okay ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Are you a wrestler or a boxer ? 
 Thank you . 	Bill . Bill ! You gotta help me ! 
 Well , it has got low mileage.The tires are in perfect condition and it's in excellent shape . 	A friend told me I might find a room here . 
 I'll be at your house at about 5:30 . Happy birthday . 	IBA , Jane speaking . How can I help you ? 
 That ’ s true . But it ’ s a little strange because the media often reports on political events . You can read about them in newspaper or hear them on tv . 	Hello ! How do I restock my minibar ? 
 Women always have the last word . 	Hello , welcome to prise star hotel . How may I do for you ? 
 You said it . 	Day , I'm home . 
 Thanks a lot . 	I wish I could unsay the sharp words to him . He must hate me very much . 
 OK.Take care . 	What's the weather like in your city ? 
 Sure , what's happened ? 	It's raining outside , Catherine , it's too bad.What ' s the weather like in your hometown ? 
 Well , I can't help . 	Did you watch the movie program on Channel 6 last night ? 
 Let ’ s move the sofa . Can you get a grip on the bottom at that end ? I ’ ll lift this end . I want to move it sideways in that direction . 	Can I help you ? 
 Do you want to bet ? 	Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to tonight's fashion show . 
 Mr . Johnson ? Mr . Johnson ? 	Alice , I never knew you had such a lovely voice . You really can sing , can't you ? 
 So I know . Thanks . 	Hello , how are you ? I am Jack . 
 I ’ m definitely taking them to court . 	Hi , Lilly , it ’ s so nice to see you again . 
 Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it ’ s just one of those things . 	What's the weather forecast for today ? 
 Thank you very much . Your food will be ready soon . 	Sir , your hair is done . Anything else I can do for you ? 
 Oh , I'll try to catch it . 	You have your ducks in a row . 
 Room 1019 , tomorrow at seven thirty . Ok , we will give you a call in the morning . 	What is included in a job advertisement ? 
 Mm . All my children hope to go to college . Right ? 	Fancy seeing you here 。 Lily . 
 Is's infuriating ! I have to be in Rome by five . 	Can you help me ? The program is not responding and I don't know what to do . 
 You're welcome . 	Can you hold the end of this tape measure ? 
 That's right , I have to work hard . 	Hello . This is John ’ s Distribution . Can I help you ? 
 Well . As you understand , the irrevocable L / C gives the exports additional protection of the banker ’ s guarantee . We always ask for L / C for our exports , and the other way around , we pay by L / C for our imports . We only accept L / C for regular orders . 	What's the name of the girl that has just passed us ? 
 It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife . 	I want to buy a parking permit , please . 
 Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to with us . 	Why are you always staring at Melissa ? Do you like her or something ? 
 You're welcome . 	I have a suggestion . Why don't we go to a ETV and sing ? 
 Alright . Mr . Cook , I have Mr . baker called you back as soon as he gets here . 	Tomorrow will be my first day at work , what do you think I should be wearing ? 
 A $ 100,000 policy shouldn ’ t be too expensive . Here , call my agent . He ’ ll give you a good deal . 	Lisa , can I call Taiwan ? 
 Just did my best . 	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year . 
 Of course . 	May I recommend you Tsingtao beer ? 
 Why don ’ t you marry Rose , then ? 	May I help you ? 
 Yes , and I want to have a try . 	How's your new car ? 
 Trust me , regular tune ups will keep your car running smoothly and avoid break downs . 	Good morning , Mei ! How are you ? 
 I will do . 	Did you watch television last night , Charles ? 
 Bye . 	Are you ready to order now , sir ? 
 Single please . 	Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . 
 Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall . 	Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Where are you going ? 
 Yes , very . 	What prompted you to apply to this company ? 
 You are welcome ! 	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ? 
 I'd be glad to . 	Can I help you ? 
 got it . Thank you very much . 	Can I help you ? 
 That's fine . 	What's your name ? 
 I don ’ t know . 	You look pale , Paul.What ' s wrong ? 
 No , thank you . 	Oh , please ! Don't be so old-fashioned ! It's totally safe . 
 well , I think you should come and have some fun . Besides you never know maybe he likes you as well . You should at least try . 	How about a movie on Sunday , Mum ? 
 That ’ s perfect . 	Good evening , Mr . Wu . 
 Never mind . It ’ s just my duty . 	How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations ! 
 Thanks a lot . 	I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug . 
 When it comes to the entertainment , I think I enjoy dancing . There is nothing I like more than modern dance . 	Did you feed the puppies today ? 
 I guess so . But the music is too loud . I don ’ t mind getting out and meeting people , but next time I ’ ll do it in a park . 	Li Lei , can you tell me what the origin of Easter is ? 
 Yes . Let me get you a pair . 	Hi . You said that you might need some help with preparing dinner . What would you like me to do ? 
 For here . 	How should we commemorate the centenary of the founding of the university ? We have been given quite a large budget to pay for some events . 
 You know , on weekends when we wanted to have late rise in the morning , our neighbour started to raise Cain . 	I ’ d like to buy these shoes . 
 I like horror movies because I like to be scared . 	Where do these flower vases come from ? 
 Is there anything I can do to help ? Just remember that I'm there for you if you want to talk about it . 	Good morning , Miss Cai . Congratulations ! You ’ Ve passed the interview . 
 By all means . But you have to deposit enough money before you can write out your checks . 	Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ? 
 Are you kidding ? I just feel tired right now . 	Good morning , and welcome to Live Tech . It is my honor to make this presentation for you . Let me begin by explaining some of our digital cameras ' selling points . You will see immediately that they are very stylish , but what you can't see is the cutting-edge technology inside . All of our cameras are light , compact , and easy to use . 
 crazy ! 	Mike , these flowers are just gorgeous . 
 Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect . 	Excuse me . Have you forgotten our drinks ? 
 Not really , but you're paying for quality . 	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account . 
 I wish you the best of luck . 	Going to the gym tonight , Mary ? 
 I understand . Our offer remains open for 4 days . 	Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? 
 I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann . 	When will you be able to come here ? 
 I like the novels of Dickens very much , I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation , I wish i can reading them in the original . 	How many days do you take off for Easter ? 
 Well ... I saw it only once , but for the next two months when I talked to people , I pretended I was the Terminator . 	Excuse me , sir , your steamed crabs is coming . 
 Oh , you are such a dog ! 	Excuse me , ma'am ? 
 I'll keep that in mind . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are ? 
 No , thanks . Coffee makes me wired and I will be nervous enough carrying all that cash . 	Hi . Can you give me a wake-up call tomorrow ? 
 See you . 	Good afternoon . 
 It is so kind of you , Dad . 	You have a lovely house , Jack . 
 I really envy you . You know I'm not taking my vacation until December . 	I think I've looked everywhere , but I haven't seen a swimming pool here . 
 Oh yeah , when I do that , it hurts a lot more ! 	What's the problem , sir ? 
 Then I'll phone our family physician and make an appointment for you . 	Let ’ s call it a day . 
 Um . That doesn ’ t really matter . Because we have more French visitors than German . 	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill . 
 see . Here is the money . 	He always likes to say something as if all his geese are swans . 
 All right . I'll make sure and remember . 	Hello everyone ! I ’ m Rick Fields , and here with me is Bob Copeland . 
 Sure . If people are near in blood , they might pass on some genetic disease to the next generation . 	Carlo's Kitchen . 
 No , I don ’ t really like it . It ’ s boring . 	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ? 
 I'll surely make introductions for them . 	How may I help you today ? 
 Sure . In the middle part of the fifth street , there is a Phoenix Restaurant . Maybe you can go there . 	What is the matter with you ? 
 Well , I heard that if you drink enough beer , you can speak foreign languages better ... 	I'm more worried about snipers . 
 Just a moment , please . I'll check for you . 	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ? 
 I don ’ t know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive . 	So it looks like we start selling in the U . S . next year . 
 You got it ! 	Hey , Jim . Wake up ! 
 Then any cell phone can meet your need because they generally have memories of over 512MB . 	I have been washing the dishes for over a week now . 
 No , I learned by myself . I have a good cook book that I read when I have time . 	Have you seen the news today ? 
 A kitten being run over by a truck . 	why are you so upset today , Maria ? Cheer up ! 
 What a pity ! 	Waiter , a menu please ! 
 Let's change the stomach , I mean , the subject.How about some food ? 	Have you any beef today ? 
 I know . Goodnight . 	I need to buy some flowers for my wife . 
 Although we have many things in common , we'are not soul mates . 	How do you feel about teaching my friend how to read ? 
 I'll be back in ten days . 	Can I help you ? 
 See you . 	Is there anything I can help you with ? 
 Oh , I'm eager to have a try . 	My Goodness ! What a busy line so early in the morning ! Hello . 
 I've finished . 	Hello , do you have any vacancies ? 
 You're right . I will have a talk to her about that . 	I want to offer you more invoking stock options . 
 We can make some special arrangement if we need to . After all , it's the company who is footing the bill . 	Hi , I'd like two tickets to Providence , please . 
 Really ? He looks so young . 	may i ask you for a dance . 
 Call the police . 	I hate this kind of weather ! 
 But I'd prefer to stay at home and have a good rest . 	I'm afraid it's a bad news for you . There are some problems in your supervised goods . 
 Thank you . 	I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today . 
 Now I remember . We met at a conference in Tokyo last year . 	Excuse me . Are you Mr . Smith ? 
 That ’ s correct . 	Who is the next ? 
 Yes , sir . Stainless steel products are always popular . 	Hey , Ken ... I need to talk to you . 
 I see . Please prepare my bill and I will be right down to pay it . 	You ’ re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ’ t you ? 
 You're welcome ! 	Are there other chores for us to do ? 
 Forgive me . You're 100 percent correct . Allow me to transfer you to my supervisor . 	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ? 
 Why not , thank you . A little tea would be nice . 	Excuse me , Sir , May I have the time , please ? 
 That would be great . 	Lisa , I need some help here . 
 That is a relief . It's a good thing we moved . 	Can I borrow one of your pens , Amy ? 
 Thanks . 	I'm afraid I have to return this sweater . 
 Yes , sir . 	So , Jimmy , how does it feel to have your own money ? 
 That depends . If you are lucky , you can see a vivid rainbow across over two peaks . 	I heard many stories about your brother . 
 We got on the wrong bus . 	Do you have any more questions ? 
 Well , I think perhaps you'd better speak to our Production Manager , Mr . Yao . You'll meet him when we go over to the factory . 	The weather is terrible . 
 Your doctor will be contacting you with the results . 	Hi , Michael , how's it going ? 
 My goodness , I didn't realize it was that bad . 	Hello ! How can I help you , sir ? 
 That's fine , Sir . We'll see you again a little later . 	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul . 
 Thank you . I'll certainly be there . 	What can I help you with today ? 
 We'll take great care . 	Have you ever thought about Tom ’ s attitude ? 
 OK , will do ! 	Good morning . What can I do for you ? 
 You should drink more hot water , and do some exercise . 	Excuse me . 
 Let's change the subject . 	Espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . It's strong . 
 OK , here you are . 	It's weekend again , I'm glad I can arrange for my personal matters . 
 You are welcome . 	When would you like me to send those plans over to your office , Mr . Montgomery ? 
 See you . 	Excuse me , sir.Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Bye . 	Hi , Tom ! This is Marry with Hans furniture store . 
 Well , it's sounding good ! I'm looking forward to that . 	May I speak to Marry ? 
 OK . Keep me informed . Jt must be ready on time . 	Hello , Mr . Jones . We need to have a meeting to discuss our deal . 
 I'm a big fan of Snoop Dog . 	John , do you mind helping me prepare for the picnic ? 
 Thanks , I'll keep that in mind . 	Hi , how are you . Is Alice there ? 
 You're here a bit early , so check the departure screens in the waiting area in about a half hour . Here's your boarding pass . Enjoy your flight ! 	May I help you , sir ? 
 Then a PC should be enough . Macintoshes are better for graphics , but they also cost a bit more . 	Would you like to see our new shirts ? 
 In that case , I'm fit for the position I think . 	Hey , Mary . Dress warmly for today . 
 Because English is nothing but a tool which is used when people may negotiate in international conferences , probe into physics , release some information in a press conferrence , and do anything we can do with language . Therefore , an interpreter has to know some expertise in the field he / she serves as an interpreter . Otherwise he / she can not carry out his / her work smoothly . 	Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ? 
 That's right . We should try to be laid back and not do lots of things to bother one another . 	Why not go to the supermarket today , the coupon will be past due in three days . 
 Thank you very much , ma'am , but we don't take tips in China . 	Did you punch in ? 
 I think a medium one will do . 	What happened to you ? 
 Ok . 	Have you begun cleaning up that room of yours ? 
 Trust me . 	Hi , Peter . I ’ m afraid I can ’ t make it to dinner tomorrow night . 
 Well , I'm not sure of his name , but I know it's going to be his farewell performance . 	Can you take part in our picnic this Saturday ? 
 No problem . 	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ? 
 Goodbye . 	But Ernie , we're still missing something . We need someone to play the music ! 
 It ’ s me , mum , I am sorry . 	Mom , my nose is bleeding . 
 I ’ m excited to be here . 	Can you tell me what bus to catch from Altadena to downtown LA ? 
 Ohhhhh ! And I just got all my juices going ! 	We'll miss you while you're studying in the United States . 
 I sometimes played basketball and sometimes played football . 	Where's your hometown ? 
 Hope that works for you ! 	Is your father in the habit of having naps ? 
 Why don ’ t you try then ? Even if it doesn ’ t help you find an American girl , you could still have a stronger and healthier body . You won ’ t lose anything by doing that . 	Happy birthday ! Many happy returns ( of the day ) . 
 I need about two to three weeks for necessary formalities . I will quit then transfer to your company . 	I want to go try on these clothes . 
 I'm sure you'll enjoy yourselves . 	Hello . Smith ’ s Resident . 
 My new plan is to wait for the end of the sand storm and clean my apartment . 	Is it possible that I have a business trip abroad and work in American once in a while ? 
 Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . 	Hey , let's arm wrestle ! 
 we do balance each other out well . I guess we were really made for each other ! 	Can you get me a taxi ? 
 If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet . 	This is the rush hour . 
 They are in the cupboard where you keep the gravy boat and serving dishes . Just be careful because the wine glasses are also there . 	Could I ask the company for the housing ? 
 Oh great ! Does this mean that the reception is canceled ? 	Hi , Bob , this is Mary . 
 Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will . 	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day . 
 You're welcome . 	If I won the Pools , I'd go round the world . 
 Well , their team work is well worth learning . 	Do you want to go to the beach tonight ? 
 Where did you See then last ? 	What kind of lease is it ? 
 they are all good . 	It's amazing to me how international business has become . Take my store for example . On any given day , you will find imported items from more than 20 different countries on our shelves . 
 You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time . 	Do you know about All Fools ' Day ? 
 They are staying at the Hilton Hotel . 	What do you like to do with your free time ? 
 He was too desperate to find some other way . 	The Blacks got divorced . 
 See you at seven fifteen , Saturday . 	What do you want to do tonight ? 
 I ’ ll come back for them tomorrow . 	Hello ! Can I help you ? 
 The next one to my destination . I have to be there as soon as possible . 	David , do you think which team will get the champion tonight ? 
 I ’ m not going to put this off any longer , Casey ! I want those photos ASAP ! 	Hello . miss . I am wondering if there is a meal served on this flight . 
 Of course , I designed a more powerful gasoline engine , which greatly increased the speed of limousines . 	How do you like your work ? 
 Yes ! I agree ! We could really use another one ! I ’ ll get on that right away ! What else would you like to order ? 	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? 
 The viewing was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that . 	I hear that Mary got mad . 
 Sorry , madam . We don't have vacancies at the moment . 	Can you tell me about some good deals on produce ? 
 Yes , but it must be treated in an effluent treatment plant first . 	May , we are fools to hang out at noon . It's dying hot today . My skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun . 
 3.5 dollars each . 	You must be Mr.Sellers . I'm Steven . I am here to see the apartment you advertised . 
 No trouble at all . So long . 	How are you making out ? 
 Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice . 	This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable , I think I could fall asleep ! 
 That ’ ll help you make more money . 	Please show me the menu , Miss . 
 Me too . But anyway we hope he lives happily in the future . 	What a nice dress , Jean.You look marvelous ! 
 It's on the second floor in Suite 201 . 	How much is an airmail letter to Japan ? 
 OK , I'll begin the opening procedure now and we'll let you know when everything is sorted . 	Mr . Smith , I'm wondering whether you have found a way of considering my offer ? 
 That sounds interesting . 	What do you do ? 
 It ’ s too bad I did all that shopping yesterday ! 	Steven , why are you so depressed ? 
 OK . Here's my account details . 	Congratulations ! You've just won a car ! 
 Yes , I see . 	Housekeeping , may I help you ? 
 All right . I ’ m glad I could clarify things for you . 	How do you think should I handle this problem ? 
 OK , OK . Get back to work . There's someone waiting for you in the kitchen ... 	I'm here to express my congratulations to you on your birthday . And I wish you many happy returns of the day . Here is a birthday present for you . 
 I'm sorry to hear that . 	Are you introverted or extroverted ? 
 Sounds like we have the same idea . 	Excuse me , would you mind changing seats with me ? 
 That ’ s the best I can do . 	It's your turn now , Helen . 
 Yes . I am very glad to have the chance . 	Let's start to study how to use computers , Paubler.It ' s good to know that a computer has two major parts , the hardware and the software . 
 Yes , it ’ s a small world . We never know where we ’ ll meet someone we know . 	I found out when Jim's birthday is . It's this Friday . 
 Good-bye ! 	Are you finished ? 
 No . You have to buy your own . You'll have to go to a hardware store to pick one up . 	My minibar is completely empty . 
 Not at all . 	How can we get in touch with you ? 
 I'm afraid not . 	A guy in my office got the flu the other day . Today I seem to have come down with it , too . 
 Okay . Check you later . 	Good morning . Your ticket and passport , please ? 
 I stick to my principles and keep to the rules . Sometimes , they just lack enthusiasm and I get them involved with something constructive . Some of them change their attitude later . 	Mr . Tang , we have decided to hire you . How much do you expect to get a month ? 
 I couldn't agree with you more . 	What can I do for you ? 
 20 yuan for a skirt . 	Wow ! That's a fantastic movie ! 
 The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color . 	How come it is slow as a snail today ? 
 We appreciate your business , Ma'am . 	I like to stay here . 
 Wish me luck . 	Can you recognize Mike's father in the crowd ? 
 O . K . , see you . 	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Hi . May I help you ? 
 Well , I ‘ d certainly come and visit you . It would be great to take a working holiday on a farm . I ’ d love to get away from hustle and bustle of the city for a while . 	What do you think of our price ? 
 That's perfect . I will definitely do well . 	We're forming a study group to prepare for the finals . Do you want to join us ? 
 I learned about different tax laws and how they work . 	Hello again ! Here's another fruit tray for you . 
 Oh , that's why my parents never scold me that day . They always try to avoid tears and quarrels . 	When will the ceremony begin ? 
 Oh , all right . Have him come over here for dinner . But you get to make dinner ! 	Hello . Is Becky there , please ? 
 I ’ m mixing the sauce . It ’ s my specialty . I make it according to my own secret recipe ! 	Life's so boring . 
 Half done . 	Would you go to the bookstore with me ? 
 I'm sure something is on sale . Please check with the produce person . 	What is your name , please ? 
 Certainly , sir . Just tell me your account number please . 	How do you get along with your boss ? 
 The motorcycle ? But that ’ s mine ! 	I ’ m so sorry to call you on such short notice , but something ’ s come up . 
 No problem ! 	Dora , are you interested in going to the museum with me tomorrow ? I read the newspaper this morning . I know there is an art exhibition in Taipei Modern Art Museum . 
 OK , I'd like to try it today . 	Excuse me . May I use the phone first ? 
 Oh , that's how you see it . 	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong . 
 Sorry ! 	Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment . 
 I always have meals outside , because I ’ m not good at cooking . 	My German teacher thought it would be a good idea to have German pen friends to write to in German . 
 Let's write it at once . 	Yesterday was April the first . 
 Yeah , I guess I am . Working at a university is really suits me . 	Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S . 
 Yes , I'm looking for a book on Chinese history . 	Hello ? Ms . Patterson ? This is Bill from Workmate calling . I'm just wondering if you had a chance to look over the estimate I sent for your gala dinner project next month ... As I said in my email , we can help you with production according to your needs , but we will only be able to give insite management support services on a limited basis . 
 Sorry , sir . The prices here are all fixed . 	Happy New Year , Jim ! 
 Okay , they'll be ready for you in an hour . 	Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 
 It's already half past four . We should go and pay our respects . Taylor's family will be there . 	Hi Amy , you look very happy . 
 Oh , I see . I'll call the manager , then . 	Are you excited about your trip next month ? 
 Sure , I'll certainly help you do it . 	Good morning . Madam . How can I help ? 
 Yeah . It's boring . I'd rather read something more exciting . 	Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ? 
 You're right . 	What ’ s your new job like ? 
 Who was he out with ? 	Good afternoon . Which service do you require . 
 I ’ ll see you then . Good bye . 	Put on the helmet , please . 
 Oh , yes . I ’ d love to . 	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ? 
 Please don't forget to say good-bye to the rest of the family for me . 	I like the kid . He's so lovely . 
 I'd love to . 	We must set 1000 dollars aside each month . 
 Well , I guess so . 	It's raining . 
 Certainly . 	Have you given the puppies anything to eat today ? 
 Oh , yes . The nurse were very kind , though they were strict about what I could drink . In the end , I just drank water and nothing else . Everyone was very professional and I actually enjoyed some aspects of my stay . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes . Both have sent back pictures of the planet . And the latter did a better job . 	How are you doing ? 
 All right . Let me get you something to drink . 	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ? 
 My firm has high standing in my country . My bank is the City Bank , New York . You may refer to it for my status . 	Is this your umbrella , miss ? 
 Sure . 	You're looking rather pale , why ? 
 Three or four years . 	Mrs . Reynolds ? This is Martin Gross calling . 
 Oh , I see . You're going to wear one and pretend you're married to try to attract guys . 	what did you do last night ? 
 You're welcome , Diane . I hope you can visit us again soon . 	Your muscles are a spectacle ! 
 I know how you feel . I had a similar problem with a landlord a few years ago . Fortunately , the one we have now is very nice . 	Do you watch a lot of TV ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Excuse me , Mr . Rodriguez ? Could I speak with you for a moment ? 
 Glad to meet you . 	Welcome to the Consultancy Department , I'm Greg Wu . What can I assist you with today ? 
 Thank you very much , David . It's an excellent birthday gift . 	I'll be checking out of the hotel in about 30 minutes . 
 I hope not . 	I'm going to try sky diving this weekend . 
 You're right . He sure is . 	Hello , could you tell me my test results ? 
 $ 800 dollars . 	Hi , Nancy . How are you doing ? 
 That ’ s simple . Many people break the rules regarding their visa conditions . 	Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook . 
 Thanks , bye . 	OK . Come back into the classroom , class . 
 It's no big deal . Thank you . 	Waiter . 
 You can use your Deposit Book or your Credit Card . And of course , you can use our e-banking . 	Sally , do you really need to go ? 
 That's one way of putting it . For me , a job needs to stimulate my brain , otherwise it becomes a daily drudgery . 	I am trying to see if I can afford to purchase a home that I wish to buy . 
 I'm afraid I know less than you do.Tell me more about her , will you ? 	Aren't you Jim Green ? 
 Thank you . 	I'm having problems with my computer . 
 Happy Women's Day . I love you forever , Mum . 	Were you able to contact the owners about my counter-offer ? 
 Nothing . He's just got a chip on the shoulder . 	I would like to check out now.My room number is 712 . 
 Oh . It's nothing Navy . 	How about the repair fee ? 
 It is really a hot potato . 	Excuse me . Can I change my seat with you ? I want to sit beside my friend . 
 Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you . 	How much should I pay ? 
 See you tomorrow . 	Excuse me , waiter , would you please bring us a nest ? A friend of mine will join us . 
 Yeah , but he really puts blame on me . 	Do you have any cars available ? 
 I'm sorry to hear that . 	Hello ! Do you have a place where I can exercise ? 
 My domicile place is Hebes Province . 	Which film shall we see ? 
 I won't argue with that ! Let's go ! 	It's too hot to read . 
 I had a fantastic time . 	I am trying to decide what school to apply to ? 
 You should watch the news more often . 	Would you please recommend some Chinese wine ? 
 No , I encourage her to go her own way , but she's now having a change of heart . 	Mom , happy Mother's Day ! A necklace for you . 
 A little bit expensive , but I will buy one . This is $ 25 , here you are . 	So Alex , you ’ re off to the Olympic stadium then ? 
 Okay , here you are . 	I just received a phone call for an interview next week . 
 that is to say , most IT professionals can get a pay rise more easily by changing a job than waiting for a rise . I'm wondering why IT companies are always willing to pay more to new employees instead 	Could you tell me your education background ? 
 My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late . 	You want to argue your ticket today ? 
 Without a doubt . Relevant department will try their best . 	Guess what ? 
 It's good to be home . 	When you were in school , what were your favorite subjects ? 
 Bye ! 	Mike , I can't catch up with our Chinese teacher very well . 
 Thank you . 	Hello , this is Catharine from Thomson Company . Can I speak to Mr . Wang ? 
 Well , that's fine . 	Oh , my god . How can you stand living in such a messy dorm ? 
 Wow , it sounds like a lot of work . I guess I'm too lazy to do all that . 	I ’ Ve been told you might have a vacant room . 
 i'm afraid i can't dance well . 	Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed . 
 Did you know it takes two to tango ? 	Have you heard what happened ? 
 Thank you . I have to leave now . If you see Pamela , tell her I'll write to her . 	Mr Jacobs ! Lovely to see you again ! What can I do for you today ? 
 I ’ m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey ! 	May I ask you how much this position pays per year ? 
 Oh , sure . 	How are your parents these days ? 
 I see . It looks like there are still a lot of issues we need to work on in the US . 	I never understand why these shops have so much liquor . 
 Wow ! You look just as dorky as Dilbert ! 	Hey daddy ! You look great today . I like your tie ! By the way , I was wondering can I & 
 Whatever you say . 	May I take your order ? 
 At least I ’ m the one who rates with her . I ’ m glad we can still be friends . 	Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something . 
 That's fine . I'll get on with that for you right now . 	Anything I can do for you ? 
 No problem at all . To tell you the truth , I could use the extra time in my schedule to catch up on some paperwork . 	Good morning , can I help you ? 
 Let me take this up with the Director and get back to you immediately . 	What happened to you yesterday ? 
 Now you don't have the butterflies in your stomach , do you ? 	I ’ m forming a music band . 
 That's true . Ok , I will think about it . 	Taxi . 
 You're welcome . 	Spring Festival is the most important festival in China , isn't it ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Thanks for your help . 
 I only paid two dollars for mine . 	Why don't you begin by telling me something about yourself ? 
 Thanks , I appreciate that ! 	What kind of job do you intend to do ? 
 See you . 	When can I move into my new house ? 
 Be yourself and be honest . Simply answer the questions put to you . 	How often do you use the internet ? 
 Thank you . See you later . 	Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy . 
 I think so.We certainly don't want a hijack to happen on the plane today . 	Ikebana , it's an art of flowers and it's quite different from Western style flower arrangement because in Ikebana's theory you can decorate one flower , only with one flower . 
 I really appreciate it . Thank you . 	What's the matter ? 
 I am sorry Sir . We won't give any discount in busy seasons.The price is the same . 	Hey , Susan . Have you got a sec ? I have some questions about my paycheck . 
 I'm sorry . I forgot to show it to you . Here it is . It comes with the pan . 	Can I use your laptop for a while ? 
 OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . 	Mom , Dad ! Can you come to my room ? I think there is something under my bed ! 
 Just make yourself at home . The other guests should be arriving shortly . 	Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? 
 Sorry , the stacks are closed to undergraduate students . 	Good morning , madam . Can I help you ? 
 Then our entire job could be done by telecommuting . 	Can you tell me about a nice restaurant to go to ? 
 Good luck and let me know if you need any help later on . 	Hello , Jill . 
 It ’ s about three hours . 	You look great ! How do you stay in such good shape ? 
 Sorry , I'll try to speak louder . 	What do you want to be ? 
 If you don't mind paying a little extra , it's absolutely no problem . 	May I help you , ma'ma ? 
 Great . See you then . 	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ? 
 I agree entirely . I assure you it won't happen again . 	I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant . Has the vacancy been filled ? 
 That's good . I will take it . 	I want to meet you . Are you free this evening ? 
 Ok , spit . 	Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you . 
 That'll be 60 dollars . 	Were you born in the U . S . , Melissa ? 
 It is so very kind of you . I'm so moved by you . 	Hey , Brad . How was your day ? 
 I bet he will come . 	Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather ? 
 Don't bother . those are a dime a dozen where we are going . 	Hello . 
 Whatever . Just make sure you go vote . 	Hi . Are you new in this class ? 
 Whatever , I ’ m going next door I heard Mrs . Robinson is giving out big bags of M & Ms ! 	Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged . 
 This area here is where we keep our raw materials . The main production area - our machine hall - is situated next to it . Maintenance is situated between the stores and the production area . Just to the right of Maintenance , there are steps up to the Lab and the Admin Section . Process Control is also on the upper level . It's located above the factory floor so that the operators can monitor everything that is going on below . 	I got a ninety-five on my test . 
 I think so too.Let ' s go ! 	John ? I have to say I was bothered by the way you handled the meeting today . 
 Don't worry . Bye . 	Good idea ! I've heard that the Expo is doing pretty well now , and ads are seen everywhere in the country on all means of media , newspapers , TV , street signs , etc . 
 Wise decision . You'll find it's totally worth it . 	The train is leaving . Hurry up ! Which car are we in ? 
 It can ’ t be helped . 	Have you ever noticed that serious pollution in modern cities goes from bad to worse ? 
 I'm getting a bit plump myself . Perhaps I ’ ll go with you . 	Hello , Matt ! 
 That's what the weatherman said last night . 	How about we taking a tour to Hawaii ? I have a 2 - weeks ' vacation . 
 First class , sir . 	I think mum should not take sides . After all , we are all her children . 
 OK . I'll tell her . 	Are you sure that this is the place to wait for our school bus ? 
 All right . See you then . 	Hello , I bought the pendant in your shop , just before . 
 We can pig out on potato chips and cookies . They are very cheap . 	And the cover is great ! The colors are brilliant ! 
 OK . Dad ! I'm coming . 	How would you comment on the paper ? 
 I like being able to buy newspapers and magazines at the post office . It means that I don ’ t need to go to two places 	What ’ s your working day like ? 
 That ’ s a lot of money . 	Will you give me a hand , sir ? 
 Bye ! 	Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk ! 
 Thanks for your support and care . 	Happy birthday , Ann . Many happy returns of the day ! Here is a present for you . 
 I would like it with no salt , please . 	Can I be of any service to you ? 
 No , he didn't scold me because he was late , too . 	Will it be all right to visit you this evening ? 
 You are welcome . 	Mary , how was your date with john ? 
 I'm glad to hear that . 	Lily ! Why aren't you up and ready for school ? 
 You'll know our products better after this visit . 	I am tired of everything in my life . 
 Here you go . That's everything , then . Thanks very much for your service over the years . 	Good afternoon , Chloe , I ’ m Doctor Evans.What seems to be the problem ? 
 It's very nice of you . 	Here we are , Room 215 . 
 Cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine . 	Hi , where can I find a cheap cashmere sweater ? 
 It is marvelous , and the price is marvelous , as well . 	Have you read all these crazy things that are going on around the world ? 
 Thank you . 	Do you have a free moment ? 
 My mind is made up . 	Are you going to the movie theater with me tonight ? 
 OK , I am sorry for that . We will arrange another one for you . 	What do you think ? 
 Thank you . 	Can you help me ? This fitting has come loose and I need something to tighten it up . 
 Hmm . . . well , maybe we can buy this one then . 	I'd like a refund on this sweater . 
 All under the precept of keeping the funding ? That stinks . 	Excuse me . I seem to have lost my son . 
 Quite right . 	May I have your order now ? 
 Okay , that's good . I get it . 	Hi ! How are you going ? 
 I'll appreciate it very much . 	Hi Bill , I saw your grandma yesterday . 
 I am too angry to do that . 	May I help you ? 
 Lots of people especially seniors like to go to church , and attend the evening service . 	Excuse me , can I have a look at the green coat ? 
 Fine . See you later . 	I like chess better than xiangqi . And you ? 
 It will be the best as long as the weatherman is right . 	Where can I get a good novel ? 
 That is so nice of you . 	Can I see some men's watches ? 
 I will . 	What a pin-up she is ! 
 Alright . Bye . 	How do you think TaiWan's economy is doing ? 
 Here you go then . Have a great school year ! 	You seem to like her very much , don't you ? 
 Because I don ’ t think my husband would like it . Thank you for inviting me anyway . 	Tom , you promised to cut the lung . You won't forget , will you ? 
 Ok . 	Mr . Zhang , are you still there ? 
 Yes , ten days . 	What kind of music do you enjoy listening to ? 
 OK , let ’ s go . 	So , Karen , what do you do in your free time ? 
 Sure . We attach great importance to the all-round development of the staff , and the development of individuals will motivate them to work more diligently and efficiently . 	Do you have these shoes in a size 7 ? 
 They sell pizza and burgers at the cafeteria . 	As you know I ’ Ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . I am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump-start my future . 
 Well , as a matter of fact , I've got a lunch date with Bob Thomas . 	After you . 
 I won't tell you , unless you promise to let me watch it with you . 	David , what have you been up to lately ? 
 ok , I'll be back with two fried bananas in a few minutes . Wait for me here ! 	I need a taxi . 
 Well.Good for him . 	I've been thinking of taking I've been thinking of taking a Crazy English course.Do you think it's a good idea 
 Don ’ t worry . It ’ s only a cold . 	What shall I call him ? 
 Yes , that'd be all right . 	Good morning , Madam . This is room service , may I help you ? 
 I wanted to buy a beautiful wool sweater for my girlfriend . It was priced at forty dollars , so I started by offering the salesclerk thirty . 	Could you do me a favour ? I don ’ t understand this French document . 
 But it is really worth the price . 	We'll take the route No . 10 . 
 Unless they're united , very little ... 	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is ! 
 Because I can make many different kinds of pictures from one negative . That's more , but that saves money . 	Hello Mike ! Would you like a drink ? 
 I'm sure you'll have a good time . 	Good afternoon Sir , may I please see your passport and reservation ? 
 OK . 	The new computer software is driving me crazy ! I really need a break ! 
 OK . I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you.However , I think you should work harder at your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . 	Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ’ Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ’ s get started ! 
 But I don't think I'll ever show my liking to math . 	Hi , Ann . I was wondering if you are free tomorrow night ? 
 The article points out that many languages have been lost and will be lost , but others will continue to be used for generation , even if English continues to be the dominant language . 	OK . I just saw a Versace for thirty dollars . This stuff can't be real ! 
 Looks like a lucky day for everyone . 	I want a refund ! 
 Organic Chemistry is my specialty . 	Hello , this is Li King . Can I talk to your manager ? 
 Yes , I see . 	It's a beautiful day , isn't it ? 
 Let's hope it is ! 	May I take your order now ? 
 Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ? 	Hot in here , isn't it ? 
 Sometimes , but not quite often . 	Excuse me sir . May I come in ? 
 It seems that the traffic sign is much more important than the map . 	Nice day today , isn't it ? 
 Of course . The fitting room is this way , please . 	Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? 
 You're welcome . 	Oh , hey , Keri ! You cook , right ! You're a pretty good cook . 
 One time I tried just listening , no notes , no pictures . I think I really learned more that day . 	Have you bought a bus pass yet ? 
 It is ok with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things . 	Shall we share a taxi ? 
 Ah , yes , here it is , you have a standard double room , non smoking on the 3rd floor , I just need to see some identification and the credit card you booked the room with if you don ’ t mind . 	I am considering going for the new job that was posted yesterday . 
 Hello ? Yes , someone has passed out at Dongle Ave . and 2nd street . He isn't breathing and doesn't have a pulse . Yes , my friend is performing CPR . Ok , thank you . They are sending an ambulance . Here , let me help . 	You should not have criticize your son in front of his friends . 
 I know , but we want 1000 pieces . This is a very large order . So , can you give us a 25 percent discount ? 	I had broken up with him , how painful I feel . I ’ m going to drown my sorrows . 
 Oh , that's the very thing I need . 	You know , smoking does do harm to your health . 
 That's right , once a week . Do you want to order a Pizza ? 	Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? 
 I have learned a lot about business know-how and basic office skills . In addition , I learned at my previous jobs how to cooperate with my colleagues . 	Seattle restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Yes , that ’ s all right . Thank you very much . 	Good evening , Mr . Taylor . I'm so glad you were able to come . 
 The reason I have called this meeting is to review a proposal we have received from our international division in Hong Kong . The agenda for this meeting is as follows , first , a presentation of the new proposal by Mr . Black . Second , an analysis by Ms . Nielson . Finally , a discussion about whether or not to implement this proposal . 	I'm going shopping . 
 The main one is radiation . There are two sorts of radiation man must fear in space . The first is radiation from the sun , and this is particularly dangerous when the sun is very active and explosions are occurring on its surface . The second , less harmful , comes from the so-called Van Allen Belts . 	Maybe you should talk to the teacher . 
 It's too late . 	Hi , I have a reservation under the name of Sandals . 
 My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok . 	Thank you very much for everything you have done for me during my stay in China . 
 Oh , did you ? Thanks a lot . 	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season . 
 We don ’ t have enough cash , but I ’ ll take my credit card . 	May I help you ? 
 Well , since you agree with me , we should put the issue above board instead of talking about it through other channels . 	Taxi ! Taxi ! 
 Simply because it's not practical at all . 	Hi , Mr . James , what ’ s the rush ? 
 It's super . 	I just had a terrible week . 
 I'll appreciate it so much . 	Well , thank you.Mr.Parry , for all your information.Just one more question . 
 I'll tell you what , if your pet can fit in this little box and doesn't have fur , it is welcome here . 	Well , we've been waiting for our baggage for about one hour . 
 It's not on this platform.These trains are uptown and downtown , not crosstown.You have to go up these stairs over there . 	So how did you meet Bill ? 
 Your wife will be thrilled with the roses . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Well , keep a low profile . 	You're going to Shanghai tomorrow , are you ? 
 One of many abundant resources , I'd like to point out . 	OK ! Let's get down to business now . 
 I think this suits me . Can I try it on ? 	( Bob groans . ) What's the matter.Bob ? 
 You are right . For the past few weeks , I had no appetite and couldn ’ t sleep well . What ’ s worse my back started aching this Monday . It is time for me to take a vacation . 	Good evening Ms . Jackson . Fancy meeting ’ you here . 
 fine . I'll go vacuum . Let me know if you need any other help . 	Hey , you have been promoted to president of the department . 
 of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ? 	Sarah . You look terrible . What's wrong ? 
 Great . I will prepare some clothes and food for the climbing . 	What are you looking for ? 
 Nine gallons of premium . That's $ 15.32 , please . 	I want to open a saving account , sir.What ' s the proper procedure ? 
 Unfortunately , no . If you want a trainer , you'll have to use another gym . 	We have waited for a long time . When will we start ? 
 Sadly , I hardly ever speak to English people . I usually practice with my Chinese friends . 	My mother and my wife are always holding different ideas . 
 As a matter of fact , he is . 	Our housing problem is a highly complicated issue . 
 No thanks . 	Hey , Leo . How come you look so terrible ? What ’ s going ’ on ? 
 Oh , I see . 	Good morning , my name is Martin . You've applied for the Laboratory Assistant's position , right ? 
 I'm sorry to hear that . 	Hi . What's your name ? 
 That's OK . 	Did you ever take History 231 ? 
 Your bags will be here shortly . 	Good morning , Sir . Are you here to get some advice about our new Personal Financing Program ? 
 That would be fine . We could accept a lower rebate . 	Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ? 
 Thank you . 	John , you have done a good job . Our new series computer is appreciated by the guests . They intend to sign contracts with our company . You really did a good job . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	May I introduce myself ? I am steven smith . 
 Yes , I went to the Than He Sports Center for the football match last Sunday . 	Do you hear what happened to Sally ? 
 I don't care . 	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ? 
 No , I won't hear of it . 	I have some photos here taken by myself . Would you like to see them ? 
 I'd better not . Brooke hates the Backstreet Boys ! 	Many happy returns of the day , darling ? 
 All cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up ? 	Are you a smoker ? 
 Okay . 	The washing machine isn't working again . 
 What did you do ? 	Susan has got married . 
 That's fine , thank you . 	Francis , what ’ s that ? 
 Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see . 	Henry , do you know how much we spent this month ? 
 I just watched the investment TV program last weekend . It has become a very hot topic these days . Actually I am not even a beginner . 	How long has the company been in business ? 
 Ok , I'll make sure she gets the message . 	Want to send out for some Chinese ? 
 OK . Thank you a lot . 	I ’ d like to ask whether it is correct to partake in the firm ’ s insurance plan ? 
 Umm . I think I ’ ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business ! 	Did you see the news today ? 
 I feel the same way . 	All I do all day is work and watch TV . I really should start thinking about my health . 
 OK . Here is your change . The train leaves on platform 8 . 	Mike , come and look at this painting of shrimp ! It is so simple yet so vivid ! 
 Perhaps I should call her later . 	Are we here yet ? 
 The only thing I can do now is waiting for another chance . 	Did you working in a similar position before ? 
 Thanks . And of course , could you fill in the exchange form ? 	Is there anything wrong ? 
 But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she Isa backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things . 	Are you a visitor here ? 
 Not at all . You can ask the policeman over there . 	I ’ ll take this blouse and skirt please . 
 That's so convenient . 	It ’ s over . 
 Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice . 	What kind of movies do you like , Sue ? 
 I'll find it ... Where are all the floral pattern plates ? And dad's Yankee's mug ? 	Do you have any idea for this vacation ? 
 If you want some changes , just tell me . 	Excuse me . Do you happen to have a gym here ? 
 Yes , that's it . 	I want to buy some meat . 
 See you tomorrow . 	I'd like to buy a bottle of Centrum , a tooth brushes . 
 Smart . 	Would you like anything else ? 
 That ’ s my brother ! 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Really ? I'm surprised . I didn't know his English was that good . 	Hi charles , I want you know that I finally found an apartment in Haitian . 
 I will give it a try at once . 	We are here . 
 I see . I guess I should be more careful about what I read , especially on the Internet where you have no idea who anybody is . 	Mom , I'm ready for school . 
 Fine.thanks . 	I just got laid off . The awful business , you know . 
 Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ’ s favorite pastime . 	This is my uncle , Charles . 
 Thanks , Daisy . 	Hello , Ann ! Is that you ? 
 Oh , you poor thing ! 	I want to try my hand at the stocks . 
 You are a quick learner . I don't think you'll have any trouble with this . 	What is the highest goal of your company ? 
 I like the country too . It's quite famous for its culture . 	Where to , sir ? 
 I'll take care of taking the survey and get back to you with the answers . 	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed . 
 Quite sure . 	I think it's going to be a nice day . 
 I think you ’ re right ! 	Tom's new business will do well . 
 I didn't minor in any subject when I was in university , but I attended English and computer courses . And I am currently studying finance in a training school . 	Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ? 
 No , everyone keeps in mind that ' Don't intrude in a family dispute ' . 	Professor , excuse me , but I need to leave early . 
 In that case , here , you go first . 	Are there any vacancies still available ? 
 The car behind ours suddenly accelerated and hit our Car . 	I always think everybody looks down on me 
 Don ’ t hold your breath ! 	What separates your product from the competition ? 
 I sure will . 	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Well , nobody's perfect ! 	That is the most boring , typical gift in the world ! 
 Thanks very much . 	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ? 
 Not at all ! 	I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job ! 
 What an interesting family ! 	Solomon , I thought we had agreed to change this deadline . 
 I ’ m so happy to hear that ! I knew we belong together . I love you so much . 	Hello . Do you like this jewelry ? I made most of these items myself . 
 Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first . 	What ? You want to leave early ? 
 Yes , let me put it on the calendar . 	Hi , Madam , I'm new here , could you tell me where is boarding gate ? 
 well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on tv in a few minutes . Shall we ? 	Professor , do you have a few moments when I could meet with you ? 
 You are welcome . 	Hello , I bought a pen in your shop just before . 
 I will . Many thanks , Mr.Black . 	Honey , could you help me operate the VD player ? It can't play . 
 Well , I think I'll take the bus this time just for a change . 	Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend . 
 I don't know . It's still up in the air . 	What's for dinner ? 
 Don't worry , you'll find a way . 	I want to buy some flowers for my wife's birthday . 
 Have a nice day , bye ! 	Mr . Wang , have you enjoyed your stay here ? 
 Walk straight and turn left . 	Oh , come on , Ultraman ! 
 Nice meeting you , too . Good-bye . 	Excuse me , can you tell me how I can get to the snowboarding area ? 
 Glad you asked me to join you . This will be fun ! 	Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 
 Thanks , Karen . 	Come on , darling.We haven't got much time . 
 I didn ’ t know it until yesterday . I put my foot into it , and was even stupid enough to ask when they would get married . 	Which sports are popular in your country ? 
 Great . We have a very pleasant working condition and I think we have a fine staff to work with . 	What can I do for you ? 
 They pay well enough . 	I'm here to conduct the annual census of foreigners living in Beijing . This is my service ID card . 
 Nothing . I am just checking . 	Good morning , Passport , please . 
 That ’ s all the time we have for today , but join us next time where we ’ ll be going over how to make the perfect lasagna ! Till next time ! 	Good morning . 
 Almost zero . 	Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now . 
 How time flies ! I'll not see twenty again . 	Why are you so late ? 
 That's fine . Fill out this form and let me see your credit card , please . 	Hi , Nally , are you hungry ? 
 I guess you'll have to wing it . 	How do you feel ? 
 Lunch sounds great ! Let's head on out ! 	Welcome to the KFC Just-in-Time . Can I help you ? 
 Oh , I see . 	I'm so angry . I feel like killing someone . 
 I don ’ t understand . Maybe they feel they are okay and driving fast seems very cool . 	Hi , Mark ! I was wondering if you finished that presentation you were working on last week ? 
 Let me know if you need anything else . 	You voted , right ? 
 I apologize again for the cockroaches , sir . I hope you have a nice trip home . 	Let's see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew . 
 ( A moment later ) It's cute.The color suits my complexion . 	Okay , can I ask you something direct ? 
 I agree with you , sir , but all I do is work here . 	My accountant thinks she can save me lots of money on my taxes this year . 
 Yes , I speak a little French and Japanese . 	Hey , what's the matter ? 
 It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it . 	This is my friend Jenny . 
 Oh . I just can ’ t forget it . 	What was that ? 
 What an amazing goal ! 	Johnny , I want to thank you . 
 Thank you for your help . 	Is that boy standing there your brother ? 
 It seems that nobody can always expect things to pan out well each time . 	I just love your hair that way . 
 Don't ask me . 	Hi , Charles . What's the matter ? 
 What's your name and account number ? 	Don't you think all of the money goes to the ads and we have nothing to read . 
 Aw , shucks , ma'am . 	Excuse me , I bought this sweater yesterday . But when I got home and tried it on , I found it ’ s too small . 
 But Larry says the neighborhoods in the north are dangerous . 	Would you like to come over for dinner tonight ? 
 Sounds good to me . You make up the invitations , I ’ Ve got run . I ’ Ve got a meeting in five minutes . 	Steven , can you give us a summary about your work ? What do you get from your work ? 
 Yes , it ’ s right . 	Both our countries are quite small . How would you describe the landscape in your country ? 
 That ‘ ll be ninety-five cents in all . 	You're going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . 
 Hmm , it's a tough choice , but I think I'll go with this one . 	I would like the two clothes washed . 
 Thanks for the offer , but I think I've got it . Hopefully , I won't get lost again on my way there ! 	Ben always appears rude to the people around him . 
 Of course . Irrevocable letter of credit , confirmed letter of credit , transferable and divisible letter of credit are common terms of payment in international trade . 	It's a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 What a good idea ! 	I need some mascara . Do you have good thickening mascara ? 
 Sure you can , in about two and a half weeks . 	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company . 
 Hey , let me get it for you . It's your birthday present . 	We'll get a big bonus this year , won't we ? 
 The cold weather will damage the engine . 	Who's your favorite singer ? 
 Yes . This is a duty-free shop . 	Hey ! Are you getting dressed ? 
 Besides , in the interview , it is best that you make corresponding adjustments to apply your prepared contents flexibly . 	Check out these wheels ! 
 Sir , housekeeping will bring you a basketful of amenities momentarily . 	Excuse me.My bag was stolen.Will you help me ? 
 When you buy a Model T , you can't expect a warranty . 	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ? 
 Yes , I think you ’ re right ! 	My toothache started nearly a month ago . The pain's been keeping me awake . Would you please have a look ? 
 It's Greek to me . 	Excuse me . Where is the way out ? 
 He is out . 	Hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ? 
 Here is your receipt . Thank you . 	Good game ? 
 Good luck ! 	I've just visited your showroom . You surely get a lot of fancy bedsheets . I like them very much . 
 Oh , I'll have a try . 	Good luck on your test tomorrow . We'll be crossing our fingers for you ! 
 Yes , ma'am . Whatever you say . 	Can I help you ? 
 I love you , too , Dad . 	You look so tan and healthy ! 
 Thank you . I just consider working as part of my life . 	Good afternoon . Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how can we be of service ? 
 That is very kind of you . Thank you very much . 	Could you do something to advance your shipment ? 
 I suppose you're right.He can't have remembered . 	Can I help you ? 
 I ’ m free all afternoon . Why don ’ t we meet at 1 o ’ clock in the lobby ? 	I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ? 
 Okay . But be prepared for an all-nighter ! I doubt you will want to put it down either . 	Mom , I'm starving . 
 Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them . 	What are you doing , Janice ? 
 I ’ m staying right where I ’ m at . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 That is very kind of you . Thank you very much . 	I heard you've found a new job . 
 It is , isn't it ? 	What problems will exporters face in moving to the foreign market ? 
 thank you . 	I'd like to try the chef's special . 
 Thank you very much . 	Have you given the puppies food yet ? 
 You are welcome . 	Anything else I can do for you ? 
 You are welcome , sir . Good-bye . 	What did you do last vacation ? 
 Looking forward to meeting with you ! 	Can you help me find a pan ? 
 That's right . 	Does this hotel have a pool ? 
 white rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me ! 	It's hard to get tickets for the movie . 
 That's the way to go . Now , you are flying , my boy . 	What courses are you going to take next year ? 
 You got it . 	Look ! It is not working well . Did you try out the bike when you bought it . 
 They describe how each process goes on to the next . 	Hello . How can we be of service ? 
 I know it does , and that's because it is . 	What are you doing ? 
 Great . 	DO you have any plan for your future ? 
 Yes . There are selected itineraries for rich and high-tasted people , common routine for people who are on trade observation tour , and excursion routine for people who have limited time for sightseeing . 	How is your English ability ? 
 So what ? His father is in prison , not he . 	Steve , you look pale . What happened ? 
 That ’ s something we can discuss later . 	I'll participate in a quiz about the 29th Olympic Games in Beijing . It will be held tonight . Will you come ? 
 You're right . 	I'm free on Sunday . I'd like to take a look in Beijing City , could you tell me where to go ? 
 So do I . 	What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good . 
 Good . If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong . 	Are there many idioms in English ? 
 Yes , it ’ s right . 	Another glass of beer , will you ? 
 You try to put on a brave face . 	What was that ? 
 Both the new paint and new carpet will be finished by next week . 	Have you got the medicine yet ? 
 Okay , that's clear enough . Let's move on to the other terms . 	How about a movie tonight ? 
 that's what friends are for . 	Hey Joe , how have you been ? 
 That ’ s it for today . Thank you . 	Hello , can you tell me how to use the telephone ? 
 Looks good . I'll take it . 	I ’ m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Which team do you think will emerge with the last laugh in this World Cup ? 
 Do you think we should try some deep fried oysters ? 	What would you like to eat tonight ? 
 You're welcome , honey . I hope we will celebrate our golden wedding anniversary in future . 	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why . 
 See you tomorrow . 	Mom , will you have time to help me with my homework today ? 
 Another tough thing , I guess . 	I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian . 
 That sounds not bad at all . I'll take it . 	Hello , this is Julie from Google Corp . Is that Jin Lili ? 
 Bye . 	IBA Bank , Business Banking Department . Ling Ming speaking . How may I help you ? 
 That's okay . A 15 - inch is good enough . All right , I'll take it . 	What's your working day like ? 
 I'll take beef stew , then . 	Check out , sir ? 
 Hey ! Why don't I have any presents ! 	I hate to do this , but I've got to cancel a reservation I made earlier this week . 
 And you'd look so cool ! 	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with . 
 Yes , you ’ re right . Good night . 	Excuse me , would you tell me how to return to Hilton Hotel . I'm afraid I lost my way . 
 oh , you have too wild of an imagination . 	Hi Sarah , how are you ? 
 John . 	What's wrong with him ? 
 I heard some companies are providing stress management training and making changes inside them , like avoiding unrealistic deadlines and organizing relaxation activities . Our boss is a smart person . He will be learning from that if he would like to an efficient and healthy team . 	Well , what about this two-bedroom apartment ? The listing says it's right in the heart of the city , just steps from the metro . 
 No problem . I'll wait for your call . 	Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . 
 It is unnecessary . I'll see you off at the airport . 	I'd like to mail this letter to Taipei . 
 Yes , sure . It is No . 50 in the Fifth Avenue where there is a fairground and a museum . 	Good morning . 
 There ’ s no need to apologize.Forget about it . 	Uh ... that's Greek to me . 
 Goodbye , Lucy . 	And lightweight , too . It'll play for 20 hours on two AA batteries ! 
 Hold on 	Nice weather , honey ! 
 You are welcome . Bye ! 	What does your friend Jim do ? 
 Not at all . 	Hey man ! How ’ s it hanging ? 
 Actually , it's the dish recommended by this restaurant specially . 	Good afternoon , sir . Gan I help you ? 
 Oh , Okay . 	What's his job ? 
 That's great ! Thank you very much . 	Is this your new teacher ? 
 You're right . Thank you for the advice . 	Who was the best teacher that you ever had ? 
 See you . 	The art critic from the daily chronicle doesn ’ t think much of the max oreo exhibition . He says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned . 
 After you . 	I would suggest roast beef , sir . 
 Good . Well , welcome aboard , Ms , Robbins . 	Nice to meet you . 
 I have a good solution ... We need some new blood ! We should get rid of this president and boat in some new leaders ! 	But it's the White House . The president and his family live there.They won't let us see most of it . Probably we can only see a couple of rooms . 
 I just want to study in a college , majoring in economics . I've had this dream for a long time . 	Good morning . 
 Yes , that's true , but my wife found a new apartment on the Internet the other day and she wants to move right away . 	I'm not sure , is this our stop ? 
 You'd better take an umbrella . 	I'm going to America . 
 Not at all . See you . 	What may I do for you ? 
 OK , will do . 	Manhattan Square , please . 
 You see ? Every cloud has a silver lining . 	my lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place . 
 Oh , really ? I went to China last winter ! 	Who's the man that is kicking the boy ? 
 I have a little problem , I'm overweight for my height . I think I should go on a diet . 	How did you do on your BELTS exam ? 
 Yes , Sir , go ahead , here you are . 	My friend Emily recently lost 18 pounds . 
 OK , we wait for you . 	Do I have to deposit my handbag at the checkroom ? 
 Yes.We will need milk powder and bassinet . 	Have you got change for a thousand ? 
 If only I could join it ! 	Miss Wang , would you mind my asking you a personal question ? 
 Whoa . 	Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 
 Let me go to the back and get them . I'll be right back . 	Hi , Mary ! You're here already . Where's Harry ? 
 Whatever , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match . 	What's your favorite book ? 
 Where is our camera ? Let's see if we can catch this on film ! 	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ? 
 Yes . I have . I liked it very much . Like you , I was very impressed with Rachel ’ s performance in the movie . She ’ s going to be a star . 	Hello ! Is Mr . Green there ? 
 And would you like salad ? The salad plate today is lettuce , tomatoes , and black olives . 	I've been learning to play go recently . It's an amazing game ! 
 Thank you . 	I really want to go to China for vacation , but I can ’ t find a cheap plane ticket . 
 You know what ? I don ’ t really need the money . Thanks anyways ! 	Good morning , I want a room tonight . 
 Err , kind of . You know this traffic jam is really bad with so many new cars hitting the streets these days . 	Telco Mobile , how can I help you ? 
 Yes , mom . You are right . Nothing is impossible to a willing heart . I will keep going . 	Hello ? Can you give me a tow ? My tour car's stranded . 
 men ! 	How's the chicken ? 
 Oh , don't . I'm sure you'll be the loveliest bride ever ! 	You've got a beautiful singing voice ! 
 You liar , I saw you again in the inn . I bet you don't want to work at all . 	Hi I came in on flight 513 . Everyone else took their luggage off the conveyor belt , but mine didn ’ t seem to be there . 
 OK , I see . Dear Daniel , please come to the broadcasting station when you've heard this , your mother is waiting for you . If other tourists see a boy in a blue sportswear and a pair of white sportsshoes , 1.4 meters , please ask him to go to the broadcasting station . Thank you ! 	I just heard your boy had taken the first place in the history test . He is super cool . 
 Yes , here you are . 	How long have you been in this company ? 
 Right , that's fine . I'd like it to get there as quickly as possible . 	I hear you're going to Tainan to visit your uncle . 
 Wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater . 	Hi , is you , John ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ? 
 You are welcome . 	Why do you look so sad ? 
 It's delicious . 	Hey , let's go out and grab a couple of beers tonight ! 
 Can you help me move this table ? 	Hey , David . Where did you get the sofa ? It's so beautiful . Look at the color , I really love this yellow , so bright ! It must be very expensive . 
 Sure . Let me look over them and I ’ ll bring them back this afternoon . 	Martha . What's wrong ? Why are you crying ? 
 Really ? Even for such an excellent one ? 	So , John , what do you do for a living ? 
 15 years . 	You shouldn't have told her the truth.What can we do now ? 
 Thank you . Nice to meet you , too . 	I just love your hair that way . 
 Right . Thank you very much ! 	You must be pretty excited about your trip to Europe . When is it that you are leaving ? 
 Constantly . Without doubt , and plays the lute . She has a natural ear . 	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ? 
 I guess working with so much money has made me rather greedy . Maybe losing my job would be a good thing ! 	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? 
 your table's ready , sir ? Please step this way . 	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? 
 Thanks . Wendy . There will be an important dinner party tonight . So I must make me the focus of my friends . 	What do you know about Julia Roberts ? 
 No problem . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 No , honey , try to make notes in your notebook . 	What is my ideal weight ? 
 I am really sorry for that . 	This is the good life ! We have it good don ’ t you think ? 
 And the other half come in later to pick up the second wave . 	Sir , what's wrong with you ? 
 Now that ’ s a great idea ! 	How far do we have to go ? 
 Forget it . Good luck . I hope you can make it . 	Guess what I just heard ? 
 I will . Thanks for telling me . 	I definitely want to meet with you , Mr . Parker . I just need to sort out my schedule . 
 Let ’ s move the sofa . Can you get a grip on the bottom at that end ? I ’ ll lift this end . I want to move it sideways in that direction . 	I couldn't wait to meet you in person . 
 Yes . There are about fifty names on our approved supplier list , but for raw materials we tend to deal with three local companies . 	Excuse me , is this seat taken ? 
 Well , we'll consider your proposal . 	Are you sure that this bus will take us to Santa Anita mall ? 
 You too . 	Do you know what E-commerce is ? 
 Oh , it ’ s right downstairs . I ’ m going there myself . Just follow me . 	Hello , sir . Have you reserved already ? 
 I haven ’ t got two minutes at the moment . Can ’ t you go over things without me ? 	what do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities . 
 I don't think so . There's too much competition . 	hey , the new SOHO . How's everything going ? 
 I think you have a point . 	My friend Jean is very beautiful . 
 Leave it to me . I'll fix it . 	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby ! 
 What do you think ? I ’ m a good boy . 	I think this suit displays your nice finger . 
 Fine . 	Let ’ s go to Wangfujing by bus . 
 Maybe you are right . I will discuss it with my wife tonight . 	Hello , three-five . 
 You'll enjoy our new , clean taxis , sir . 	What's your little caper ? Come home so late ! We are all worried about you . 
 I ’ d like to bring to ABC Company not only my technical skills , ambition , enthusiasm , but also my loyalty . A sincere desire to become an administrative assistant is the heart of my career plans . 	Hi , I ’ d like to have my phone turned on , please . 
 I'm going to return next week . 	May I order , please ? 
 Thank you , sir . I will cancel Mr . White's reservation from November 21st for 4 nights . We look forward to another chance to serve you . 	Hello , Mr Mayhew . How are you today ? 
 I guess so . 	What is your corporation website address ? 
 That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning . 	Hello ! 
 That's very kind of you . 	Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ? 
 Mr . : Yes . By the way , review today's notes this evening . We may have a small quiz tomorrow . 	When and where were you born ? 
 No . We'll take care of everything . 	I ’ Ve decided to grow my own garden ! 
 Thank you very much for taking your time . I ’ m still deciding . I will call you tomorrow . 	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room . 
 Mr . Chen can't make it today . 	I would like to exchange this dress . 
 I promise . 	Here I raise a question for you . Just imagine we will have a foreign guest from Japan . Can you tell me how I ought to be to the most comfortable and polite ? 
 Thanks . 	You seemed to be fed up with Mary . 
 More often than not , the understatement is ' I'm afraid it's time you leave ' . 	How do you use an ATM card , billy ? 
 No way . It ’ s her who should apologize . 	I can't find my glasses and I can't see anything . Can you help me find a few things ? 
 OK , sir . I will show you your table . 	Hello , there . Welcome , and what can we assist you with ? 
 Thanks ! 	Honey , I have something important to say . 
 It's super . 	Is his father a worker ? 
 You're welcome . 	May I help you ? 
 Oh , that's where I'm going . 	How long have you been in this company ? 
 The goods in the yard sale are really cheap . I will take it . 	So can you fix it ? 
 This will work out well . I'm getting hungry just thinking about it . 	Hello , John . How are you ? 
 Yes , that's all in order . Let's get this processed for you , then . 	Could I get some beef ? 
 Yes . No need to change . 	Excuse me , is there any room available ? I want a single one . 
 Sorry , $ 14 is the lowest I can go . 	Did your wife give birth yet ? 
 Wow , I doubt that . 	Is there anything that you are interested in ? 
 You've earned it . 	Excuse me , ma ’ am ? 
 Well , I thought he was , but he ends up to be a con man . 	Going to the gym tonight , Mary ? 
 I think you know that you have to make the best decision for you . Enjoy your year ! 	Sorry.What was that you said ? 
 Well , how do I put this ? France is a terrible team . 	What do you think of his behaviour yesterday ? 
 Ok , how about midnight curfew . and I'll let you know where I am . 	I was supposed to meet with you at half past one . 
 I'm sorry , sir . Perhaps you'd like to write a letter to headquarters . 	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more . 
 All right , ma'am . 	Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today ? 
 No salt , please . 	We have the orientation this afternoon . 
 You're welcome . 	What do you think of the test ? 
 I was an office boy . 	Are you ready to go shopping ? 
 Three . Two boys and a girl . 	Wangfujing Grand Hotels . How can I help you ? 
 I'm very pleased . We look forward to having you here , Miss Briggs . 	ORG ! It must be so late where you are . What time is it ? 
 Ok . I ’ ll try my best to calm down first . 	Hi , Jack ! How are you doing ? 
 You're welcome . 	Oh , Linda . You must be so excited about going to study in America . 
 I like what I see . 	I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . 
 Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice . 	How can I live without Helen ? 
 Yes , but I don't mind working hard . 	Cindy , I heard you got into that university . Congratulations ! 
 Many are important — intelligence , diligence , information and planning . But the most important , I think , is achieving results . 	Hello . Is everything OK , there ? 
 No way ! That sounds great ! 	Could I have my bill , please ? 
 We try to use as little packaging as possible . Also , all our bottles are made of recyclable plastic and we use recycled fibre in our boxes . That's what our customers want . 	Excuse me , miss . Could I have something to drink , please ? 
 Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone . 	Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . 
 You can rest assured of that . 	Looks like a good party , I probably know about half the people . 
 No problem , sir . 	Hello , Janet . 
 Yes , it is . 	The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident . 
 Alright . 	Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? 
 It's nothing personal , just business . 	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? 
 Aright . See you there . 	Hurry up ! Time is money ! 
 That ’ s all right . 	Ah , ah , ah ... 
 Thank you . I think today we will go there . 	I've really enjoyed your party , Lisa . 
 Yes . 	I think it is time to study . Our chemistry exam is coming . 
 Okay by me . 	You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! 
 OK . I'll drop you a line as soon as I get there . 	Then I must go-you have said it yourself . 
 Sure . There you are . 	Can I help you ? 
 It lasts 4 hours , from 10:00 to 14:00 	Cheer ! 
 That seems like a good idea , it's for wages , you see . 	That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored . 
 OK , I get it ! ! Thank you for your very thorough analysis ! 	I have a parking ticket to pay for . 
 Let me see ... The weekend after next looks pretty good.Otherwise , I'm all booked up . 	Good morning . My name is Penny White . I'm new here . 
 thank you very much . I ’ m looking forward to hearing from you about this job . 	I would like to make an appointment for a project meeting . 
 Hmm , they're not too bad . 	How about your grades of study ? 
 Oh , I see . Thank you anyway . 	Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover . 
 Okay . Sounds good . See you then . 	Will you send the letter to the chairman of the committee ? 
 I see why it lags behind other towns . 	What's the weather forecast for today ? 
 No , usually they're very busy . 	Good morning , Textile Import & Export Company . 
 Great ! Thank you very much . 	Print shop . Seam speaking . 
 You need not always do that . Why don ’ t you pat them on the back occasionally ? 	our company is going to do some cutbacks soon . 
 I think it is a smart idea . Our boss always likes it when employees take initiatives . 	Would you mind telling me if this is the right way to the police station ? 
 OK , I got it . 	Operator , I want to make a collect overseas phone call to Beijing . 
 That could be helpful . But when you go into a shopping center ... prices become very flexible . You have to be able to read the market . 	Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ? 
 I see myself in a management position . 	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! 
 3 days . 	Do you have any plans for Veteran ’ s Day ? 
 That ’ s not right , somebody should do something . 	I need to make a copy of a document as soon as possible . 
 Thank you . 	Hi , Bill . It's Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd . How are you ? 
 Thanks , I appreciate that ! 	Marry ; Mr . Johnson wants these documents to be copied . 
 Thanks . I really appreciate it . 	How may I help you ? 
 I don ’ t know . 	How are your wedding plans going ? 
 Let's watch it together . 	I hated the hand-me-downs to wear when I was a kid . 
 I believe every company has its own salary criterion . And you will give me a satisfying salary according to my abilities and performances . 	We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend . 
 You are welcome . 	Tell me about your brother and sister , Sue . 
 We'll have to make sure to come back here again real soon . 	Excuse me . Is anyone in that seat next to you ? 
 All right . 	Which kinds of meat are most popular in your country ? 
 Try to catch this bouquet then . 	Are you studying here ? 
 I know I need to learn that myself , but I just don ’ t have the money for it at the moment . Living at home allows me to save up some money before I started finding a place . 	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday . 
 Perhaps we could go to the library festival that's going on at the local bookshop . 	Have you heard that new song by the Beastie Boys ? 
 C U here , honey . 	What's on TV tonight ? 
 Okay . 	May I help you ? 
 Damn ! 	Could you give me some advice ? 
 I almost forget it . Thank you ! 	I am sorry for damaging your car , sir . 
 I ’ ll pick you up here tomorrow . 	Oh , so many kinds of winter hats . 
 Thank you , doctor . I'll do as you say . 	Good morning , I want to send this parcel to Taiwan . 
 Management decided to give him four brand new white shirts . That's their way of telling him that his new style of dressing down is not quite acceptable . 	Mrcrabby , I ’ m pleased to see you . 
 OK , then , hope you feel better soon . Check your e-mail for missed assignments . 	Here's Copellini's , my cousin's store . 
 You are right . The current equipment of our offices really falls behind . Next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment . 	Sorry ! Excuse me ! I got your message . 
 Of course , all the workers here are able to swim , and they will come to your aid quickly . 	good morning ! 
 Thank you . If you have any problems , just call . 	What do you think of the test ? 
 It ’ s as easy as pie . I always follow recipes . 	What are the requirements to apply for the position ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today ? 
 No , she's at school . 	I would like to watch the Oscars on Tv tonight . How about you ? 
 But it is not the right time . 	I want to have the overcoat made to measure . 
 Well , if I'm not living here anymore , then I won't have to listen to your rules . 	Hello , Tom ! 
 Bingo ! 	I'd like to change some US dollars into euros and I'd like to know today's exchange rate . 
 Here you are , sir . Pay the cashier at the door . 	Here are the leads from last week's exhibit as a trade show . There are about forty or so that are hot . You should contact them immediately , in the next twenty-four hours if you can . The rest are categorized according to potential and interest.You can see we've got our hot stack , our warm stack , our lukewarm , and our cold but not dead stack . 
 OK . Bingo ! We win . Give me five , Mom . 	Good morning . Mrs.Smith . 
 if I were you , I'd apply for some scholarships and grants before you decide . Whatever you do , I know you'll succeed . 	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . 
 It's the same in my family . The coffee table in my living room is covered with copies of Fashion . 	Good morning . I'd like to check out right now . 
 Oh , yes . Just show me where the fitting rooms are now . I can't wait to try this on . 	Bonjour ! 
 You ’ ll exert all your energy and get out of it . 	Excuse me , can you tell me which is Bob Rice's office ? 
 Yes , it seems to have been discounted from two hundred and thirty-five thousand to two hundred and twenty-five thousand 	Let ’ s move out of here . This apartment is too small . 
 Yeah , It was scary but exhilarating . 	Excuse me , how do I get to Wall Street ? 
 There aren't many things you can get for a nickel , sir . 	Hello , is this housekeeper ? 
 I won't argue with that ! Let's go ! 	I tried to ask the bank teller why it changed , but she didn't speak English well enough.So I decided to go to the magazine shop . The one around the corner.And I bought an American newspaper . 
 I can understand that . Let me see if I can clarify some things for you . 	How about you , Chuck ? Where did you grow up ? 
 No , but I have database programming experience and network knowledge . 	Could you send up a Coke and a salad ? 
 Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily . 	Which of the two do you think is better ? I mean , what's the difference between them ? 
 He seems to be quite qualified . If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves . 	How was your date with Betty ? 
 Great – That ’ ll be big help , Ms . Green . 	Excuse me , could you do me a favor ? 
 Oh , I see . 	Excuse me , This bus goes down town , doesn ’ t it ? 
 Well , that's life . 	How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ? 
 Better start swimming ! we've got to find a way to outsmart the other guys . I want a preliminarily strategic marketing plan on my desk by next Tuesday ... the competition never sleeps and neither should we . 	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant . 
 Good idea . 	I would like to make a reservation for tomorrow . 
 Good . I'll have plenty of time to nap on the plane . 	Open you suitcase , please . 
 Yes , indeed . 	Excuse me . 
 You are being watched ! Be careful Dan ! Be careful ! 	What do you do in summer ? 
 Neither do I . I don't like any kind of modern dances all . 	Which countries have you been to ? 
 I ’ m sorry ? ! 	I ’ m ready to settle the bill . 
 yes , I banged it against to cooker yesterday . It really hurt , but it ’ s OK now . the bruise will disappear soon . 	Good morning , sir , can I help you ? 
 As the saying goes , when in Rome , do as the Romans do . 	I went to the doctor yesterday . 
 I'm pulling your leg , Paul . I'm a shopping queen , remember ? So of course I know what a garage sale is all about ! 	What upsets you ? 
 No problem . 	Are you going to Helen ’ s birthday party on Friday evening ? 
 They are too bright . 	Peter , it's time to go home now ! Hurry up ! 
 All right . 	Hi Mark . 
 Maybe not , thank you all the same then . 	How can I help you ? 
 That would be great . I would love some . 	May I help you ? 
 This is your change . 	Oh . Henry . I haven't seen you in ages . Come in . Let me take your coat . How are you getting along ? 
 I ’ ll just have to put up with it . 	Did you get any pizza ? When I got there , only small one was left . What a pity ! 
 oh , that sounds like fun ! 	you don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	My mother likes to split hairs . 
 Any time . I'm just glad I could help . 	are your ready to go to the supermarket ? 
 Black , of course . 	He was once a poor man but now he is a man of means . 
 Oh , okay . Thanks . 	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ? 
 Thanks . 	Where did you work as a teacher before ? 
 Not too serious . But he gave me a strict diet to help bring it down . 	I want to make a reservation under the name of William Smith . 
 Fine . I'll be expecting you around two . 	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means . 
 No , don't , I don't want to see you anymore . Don't ever call me again . 	My God ! Why did you bring me here ? I hate the taste of coffee . 
 I really want to go , so I hope that she gives me my invite soon . 	I heard that ben is forming his own band . 
 It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good . 	David , imagine meeting you here ! 
 Thank you . 	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? 
 I see . So great . 	Can I help you ? 
 Jingshan Park is especially a popular place for old people socializing and gathering . People can often find elder folks dancing , singing opera and other cultural activities at Jingshan Park . 	Come in , come in ! 
 So what ? Things have changed . 	Hi , Yang Tang . Come in ! Pretty hot out there , isn't it ? Did you have trouble finding us ? Sit ! Sit ! 
 I ’ m not trying to discourage you . I ’ m trying to help you . You have to live with these difficulties . Isn ’ t it better to know about them ? The more you know about what you have to face , the better you ’ ll do . I promise ! 	This facility is great , don't you think ? 
 I ’ m going to make sure and get my vote in . 	Who's your favorite film star ? 
 I would like to have a job that is more lively than my present one . Besides , I would like to practise my English in my work . As my present employer deals with China trade towards China only , there isn ’ t much chance to speak English . 	Good ! There's the information desk . How do we get to the 70th Street , please ? 
 I'm an apprentice with a local engineering firm . My training lasts for two years . Two days a week I study Engineering at a local college . If I pass all my exams , I hope the company will take me on as an engineer . 	Do you really have to work today ? 
 Have a great trip . 	Bang ? ! Bang ! Bang ! What are the Kings doing at seven o ’ clock on Sunday morning ? 
 I don't know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive . 	Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? 
 You can say that again . 	What are you doing , karen ? 
 Well , Tina says she would be able to handle it and concentrate on her own work , easier set them done . But working harder and concentrating only on the job might well helped to overcome the initial stress of the breakup . 	Doctor Lin's Office . 
 On Friday . 	I ’ m so frustrated ! 
 Ok . The last piece is for your dessert . We're having dinner soon . 	Do you know that John isn't going to come back to our school ? 
 She might do well . Everyone seems to like her . 	I've known from your resume that you are a college graduate . 
 It is lithium which can be used for over three years . 	George , is your chicken OK ? 
 Maybe he's gifted in that . 	Stephanie ! Did you just get to school ? But you were up and about when I left the dorm this morning ! That was about an hour and a half ago . This happens all the time ! Why do you always take so long 
 I haven't told them . Maybe I'll make them know after the vacation . 	Professor , can you help me add your class ? 
 Well , at least we have Stars.com . That'll be great publicity . 	Now let's use the weight machines . 
 No trouble . I enjoyed helping you . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 We will visit the Statue of Liberty as scheduled . 	Hi , Nancy.How are you doing ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	hi , Meally , do you know that guy over there ? 
 I see . 	Excuse me . May I come in ? 
 Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening . 	I ’ m going to Bihai park . Is this the right bus please ? 
 Sorry I couldn't help you . 	What ’ s your city like ? 
 See you then . 	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest . 
 That's neat ! 	Hey , taxi . 
 I'll have Chicken and Ginger Burger with Chilli Dressing . 	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! 
 Are you riding ? You have to install an anti-virus software on your computer . If not , you will be attacked by viruses , and it can lead your computer into failure . 	What do you like to do in your spare time ? 
 Now that's a good idea . Thanks a lot , Brian . I'm feeling better already . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I promise . 	Hello , Mr . Thomas . Could you spare a minute ? 
 What ever you say ? 	She's a Persian . She has papers and everything . Not like a street dog . 
 They ’ re really running you into the ground . Why don ’ t you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and go away somewhere . 	Well , Jeff , that was a very productive meeting , I thought . You had some really great ideas in there ! 
 Good-bye ! 	Do you have any tables ? 
 It's a quarter past three . 	Can you speak French ? 
 OK , one with the apple pie pays $ 18 and the other $ 12 . 	How could you handle living in such a big family ? Does everyone get along ? 
 Thank you ... please sign on the line . 	I hear you have just shown your hand first to Lin Ping . 
 She's my wife , you know . 	Our offer is RIB 300 per tape-recorder , F . O . B . Tianjin . 
 In this aspect , I think , Pater bags have the edge on plastic bags . 	Excuse me . When is breakfast time ? 
 You will be able to add or get rid of channels another day . 	He's been compared to Rimbaud , you know . 
 I hope so . 	Oh , damn . There ’ s another traffic jam on the highway . 
 You flatter me . 	Why don ’ t you sit down and relax , darling ? 
 Right . 	How do you usually sell your products now ? 
 Okay , I'll take it out front right now . 	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ? 
 Thank you . 	Excuse me , Professor , is there a time when I could meet with you ? 
 Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30 	how was your day ? 
 Got it ! I fit into that category very nicely . That's great ! I'll have a chat with my parents and come back . Thanks very much . 	I have found it quite different here from China since I came to the United States . 
 Ok . See you tomorrow . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 What does that mean , not big but fat ? You didn't buy ... 	The dinner was really good . It knocked my socks off . 
 Sometimes . But I'll never forget the game in which our Chinese Women's Volleyball Team won the World Cup . It is the most thrilling and exciting game I have ever seen . 	What day is it ? 
 Oh , that's no problem . 	Hello . I'm now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons.Would you tell me how to use them ? 
 You can take No . 2 bus . 	John , I'd like to see you in my office for a minute . 
 It can't be expressed by words . 	Look , Dad , many people are doing morning exercises here . 
 Thank you . 	Did you promise me to get the bread ? 
 Thanks . 	Linda , do you know Mr.Green ? 
 My pleasure . 	Hey , where's Cindy ? 
 yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either . 	I don't believe we've met . 
 OK . We will make an announcement for you . Please leave your telephone number , we will call your as soon as we have your baggage . 	Which aisle has the produce ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 I think you're right . Let's go . 	Good morning , I'd like to open a savings account . Can you tell me on how to go about it ? 
 I agree . Maybe we can come back again next week . 	Excuse me . I don't think we have met before . My name is Mary Jenson . 
 I wish we could , but we can't , you see , we are not insured . 	For me , now an important question to buy an Accord is the time when I can get this car . I need a new car rather soon . 
 I believe so . 	Would you like to play golf with me ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello , I would like to speak with Ryan . 
 Thanks . 	Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you . 
 I ’ ll have to try it . You know how I am about Italian food ! What ’ s the name ? 	The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ? 
 Thank you . But there's still a lot for me to learn . 	Do I have to write the invitation cards ? 
 You have no choice , so you'd better adjust your thoughts to be ready to learn anything at any time . 	So , have you seen all three The Lord of the Rings movies ? 
 I heard . But did you have to tear out his nose ring ? 	Good afternoon , Miss . 
 Thanks . 	how can I help you ? 
 Toss a coin to decide then . 	Could you do me a favor ? 
 You've take the words out of my mouth . 	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ? 
 Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy . 	What are you doing this weekend ? 
 Thank you . I ’ ll be right back . 	Can you connect me to Mary . Smith Hotel room ? 
 OK , I will . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Yeah , I cherish it . Because I have been working like a dog for two months to buy it . 	Good morning , Ms Chan . What can I get you today ? 
 Well , have it your way . 	I am really exhausted , you know , I have been working without the weekend for two weeks . My boss always asks us to work overtime . 
 You can suck a candy or pinch your nose gently while breathing out . That shall help . 	Elaine ’ s back from school . I think it might be a nice gesture if you asked her out . I suppose she ’ s not good enough for you , is that it ? 
 Well , it's one way to get through the in-betweens if you really want to grow it out ! 	Congratulations ! Mr . Stuart ! You won the city marathon . 
 Let's go to queue up . There are so many people in the lines . 	Where would you like to have your dinner ? 
 I believe I will . 	Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you . 
 I'd better try harder to memorise my PIN in future . Thanks . 	I'd be a basket case if you think of me that way . I need your understanding . 
 Don't forget to call us if you're in Tokyo . 	Last weekend I didn't want to go out either , so I stayed at home and played video games by myself . It was really fun ! 
 What a pity ! 	In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon . 
 We started dating right away . 	Hello . This is the Stewart Resident . 
 bye ! 	What's wrong with you ? 
 Gee , that's really nice of you . 	In the past half year , we made some schedules and objectives , do you still remember that ? 
 You're welcome . 	What happened ? 
 That reminds me . My wedding anniversary is tomorrow . 	I ’ m sick of my job , I always have to work late at night , and the company keeps me working in the office . 
 Sorry , my English isn ’ t so good . Could you speak a little slower ? 	Which movie is your favorite to watch ? 
 See you then . 	Okay . This trail looks the best . It's a little steep . But I'm sure it will be alright . 
 good night , sleep tight ; don ’ t let the bed bugs bite ! 	What's wrong with you , young man ? 
 You are welcome . 	I had a look yesterday . I found some exhibits are fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I have gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I have got some idea of your exports . I am interested in your silk blouses . 
 that's true.Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon . 	Thank you , 175 yuan . 
 Yeah . I ’ m still learning how to control his behavior and my temper . My child is almost two years old , and I ’ Ve learnt the distraction technique when he cries for something . 	I'd like a double room . 
 I did , but he wasn't able to either . 	I'm calling today about a bill that I never received . 
 They have changed the asking price since it first went on the market . It is now two hundred and twenty-five thousand . 	What do you think of the way people use and treat animals ? 
 Maybe we could work out an overtime schedule . It ’ s definitely worth it to finish by the twentieth . 	What in the world is that smell ? 
 Because that company's behavior is not in accordance with international law . 	May I help you ? 
 Sure . Meet me at five . 	Thank you for calling ABC Company , may I help you ? 
 I'm just not looking forward to cleaning it ! 	Hi , may I speak to Ryan , please ? 
 Yes . It ’ s a lovely view . 	It's going to strike 12 o'clock . Let's get the firecrackers ready , Rose . 
 I ’ ll take this stew then . 	Look , here're two coins named Kai Yuan Tong Bao — the sort of coin made in memory of the founding of a new dynasty . These two coins were made in different periods of the Tang Dynasty . 
 Very well sir , welcome to the United States , enjoy your visit . 	It ’ s time for me to go now . 
 It ’ s a pleasure to meet you , Miss Green . 	Julia , Julia , Julia . My daring Julia , what's wrong with you ? 
 You ’ re unbearable ; you can walk home , I ’ m leaving . 	How nice of you to come ! 
 Right . Ok , the fare is $ 700 . 	I ’ d like to talk to you for a second , please . 
 O . K . Mr . Smith . Thanks for calling . 	Excuse me , can you tell me the way to the British Museum ? 
 I think you're right . An international response to this problem is needed . 	Could you give us a detailed description of the properties of your product ? 
 That ’ s it . I think we ’ re one block beyond . 	Is this taxi taken ? 
 I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ’ t there , I ’ ll just use my key . 	Mom , may I play the card games for a while ? 
 Great ! This is our secret ! If you see my wife , say nothing to her about this ! 	Would you like to order now ? 
 Ok - let ’ s do that then ! 	Every year , the South has the floods . It is an act of God . 
 If you need anything else , just let me know . 	I'm looking forward to our son's graduation this weekend . 
 OK , sir , yours will be ready in a few seconds . 	That's good to know . We'll watch for crazy drivers . 
 Thank you . 	We're going to discuss how to market CB series soon . Does your project go well ? 
 Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? ! 	Smith is always careless , it is his Achilles ’ s heel . 
 It's kind of cool , isn't it ? I'm sort of like a secret agent . 	Hi , how are you doing ? 
 Oh , yeah ! I think the love of sports starts when kids are very young . Americans come from many different backgrounds so I guess sports are something we can all enjoy together . 	Look ! This picture of Mom in her cap and gown . 
 Thank you . 	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ? 
 B :: All right . I graduated from the nursing school of Beijing Medical University . The nursing school offered such courses as nursing science , nursing psychology , nursing ethics , internal medicine , surgery , pediatrics , and so on . 	Ow ! 
 Sounds great ! 	Hey , David . Would you like some drinks ? 
 No . I just went cold turkey , and I never smoked again . 	Where did you get all these barney tour pamphlets ? 
 Well , the weather might have some influence , during bad weather the theater didn't make a whole lot . 	This is what my boss is expecting , Sandy . He wants a detailed list of expenses and equipment costs . 
 That is fine . 	We have been here for about five days and I have to leave now . 
 I ’ m afraid not , Nick . That ’ s the best I can do . 	Judy , what is everybody talking about ? 
 Of course ! Let ’ s have a look . Great ! In my frame of mind , I ’ d like to buy one today . 	John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ? 
 Well , please give me a first class ticket . 	Maybe we'd better go now . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Hello , Miss , what can I do for you this afternoon ? 
 Thanks , I will , byebye ! 	So you've been attending night classes for a while now . Do you feel it's helping you ? 
 No , the meeting will be held on the fourth floor . 	No , it hasn't . It's very dirty . 
 No . But I'll fill you in later . Right now I have to find Vince . 	Why don't you watch where you're going ? 
 I ’ m not too worried about it . I always seem to find something . 	Onxiu Travel Agency , may I help you ? 
 You should start from 1:30 pm in the afternoon . 	Are you listening to me , Dan ? 
 That'll be fine . 	When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say . 
 Now he only works freelance . Hundred bucks an hour . 	Can I help you ? 
 Please yourself . 	Are you free this afternoon ? 
 If it's any good , I'll buy a copy when it comes out in the pocket edition . 	I ’ Ve decided to grow my own garden ! 
 Me too . I get much more done when I am under the gun . 	Here's 30 yuan for my ticket . 
 You're right . 	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? 
 I cant't believe it . You've worked here for years . 	Your family must be busy shopping for Christmas , now . 
 Of course . Wait for a moment , please . 	Does your child still believe in Santa Claus ? 
 I think I can work well under pressure . 	Hello , could you arrange a dinner for us ? 
 Ok , as John after Kennedy put it , let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate . 	No-no-no , sorry ! That's a handicapped parking space . Are you handicapped ? 
 See you Borrow . 	Hello . I need to reserve a room . 
 Sure . 	Hi , I'm calling about the ad in the paper . 
 241 Main street . 	What do you do in your spare time ? 
 I see . 	Um , which of them is the better typist ? 
 I appreciate it . It is related to company image . 	How's the weather today ? 
 If it's within the legal limit , I prefer to keep it . 	Don't be too sad . If you really think that you have no feeling with him , then , in my opinion , getting divorced maybe is the best way to solve the problem . 
 It's ok , that's life . 	This sucks . I hate buying lingerie . Okay , just find something and get out of here . Alright , these are fine . Oh , no , don ’ t come over here , don ’ t come over here . 
 Sounds nice . I'll have that please . 	May I help you ? 
 Is this the information here ? Well , let's take a look then ... 	Wow . Look how polite your son has become . 
 Goodbye . 	Good afternoon , Mr Meng ! It's nice to see you today . It's been a while , hasn't it ? 
 Yes . Twice . 	Happy Birthday , Mary ! 
 Goodbye . 	He's too young for the job . 
 Why not ? 	Shut up ... Billy ... BILLY ! 
 That's $ 400 and we will visit 4 cities . 	what date is it today ? 
 Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day ! 	Our supervisor Lester does . Actually , Lester is kind of like the kitchen god . 
 Well then , I'll keep you in the loop . Thank you for your help today . 	Are you an art aficionado ? 
 I prefer travel alone . I'll have a lot of time lingering at one place . 	hello . How was the marketing meeting ? 
 Maybe you ’ re right . 	I'd like you to do me a favor . 
 Tuesday morning . 	Look at that pretty girl . 
 After you . 	Thank you so much . I can't take this . 
 I hope so . 	I love Chinese food . 
 Sure . I don't want to waste even a minute . 	Mrs . Phoebe , here are your ordered goods . Please inspect the goods now . 
 Are you kidding ? Don had fun scaring you . He'd probably buy you dinner if we go back . 	Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ’ s address ? 
 That's for sure . You know , I had the greatest time ever . 	What did you buy at the market ? 
 Let me see . That ’ s no problem . I ’ ll see you then . 	You must like to dance , right . 
 Ok , thanks . 	I heard there is a big yard sale at weeks this saturday morning , i will go there to see if there is some nice clothes , do you want to go with me ? 
 Well , I'm not sure of his name , but I know it's going to be his farewell performance . 	Hi , Robert . What happened to your face ? It looks swollen . 
 That's OK . You can buy his songs on iTunes and listen to them . 	I have been feeling sick for three days . 
 That ’ ll be all . Thank you very much . 	So who does he think he is , anyway , I can't believe the way that my boss has been ordering everyone around lately , I mean , it's now like he is the CEO , or anything . 
 It doesn't matter . 	I don't know about you , but I am famished . Are you interested in getting a bite to eat ? 
 Please fill in this exchange form , and I'll need to see your passport , and sign here . That's the money and your passport back . Of course , if you don't spend all of it , you can come back and we'd be happy to buy the local currency back from you . 	Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ? 
 I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same ! 	Do you believe in UFOs ? 
 Thanks . 	Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ? 
 It's only the rarest coffee in the world ! Didn't your momma teach you anything when you were growing up ? 	Where can I enjoy the best local food ? 
 That's ok . I'm expecting a lift from my friend . 	Could I have a refund on this ? 
 Knock on wood . But I have a very important date . 	What are your thoughts on the apartment ? 
 Well , I think that it is pretty safe to say that this is not the house for you . 	I'm concerned about your car . 
 It's good to have you in the group . We can always use a good baritone ! 	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young . 
 Oh , that sounds nice . I ’ d love to . 	Where are you going for lunch ? 
 Very well , I'll take these two . 	Why do you choose our company to apply for a job ? 
 Good . I'm starving . 	Oh , my god . What happened ? Are we dying ? 
 I'll go take a shower . 	Do you know Mark ? 
 it's possible . Give me a minute and I can fix these for you and then we can go . 	Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th . 
 I'd like to have an ice cream 	Can you offer me something a little cheaper ? 
 Thank you . 	Please switch work shifts with me . 
 My birthday is June 14th , 1985 . 	What kinds of Tv programs do you enjoy watching ? 
 No ! So ... is Halloween essentially the same thing as ghost month ? 	Hello , it's my first time in Egypt . What would you advise me to see here ? 
 Here , I'll take a taxi instead.How do you refund us ? 	I've been told that you are a very successful businessman abroad . I wonder how you managed to achieve such success ? 
 After all , I'm somewhat conservative . 	Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne . 
 Thanks for encouraging me . There are problems cropping up here and there . But I will overcome them one by one . 	What's up ? 
 OK . I'll talk to you later . 	Please come in and sit down . I ’ m happy to finally meet you . 
 Good that way . I can have the suit ready for you two days after that fitting . 	Julia , the apartment I looked at today is pretty decent-around 120 square meters . 
 For here or to go ? 	Good coming . 
 No , a No . 50 will take you right there . 	We should know by next month whom to hire . If your application is successful , we'll notify you by mail . 
 Don't be silly . It's no trouble at all . 	I would like to purchase some meat . 
 I disagree . All you have to do is respect the staff and their opinions . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 Yeah . To win is the most important thing . 	Hi ! I'm happy you could make it . 
 I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ’ s go look at another house . 	Can I try this dress on ? 
 I'm scheduled to fly out on the tenth . 	How do I submit an expense report ? 
 I'm happy to be of assistance . 	May I see your passport ? 
 I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him . 	What do you do in your spare time ? 
 you see ? You ’ re becoming more decisive already ! 	Hi Benjamin . My name is Dr . Green . What seems to be the matter ? 
 Yes of course . We can activate all these services in about an hour . 	How many orders do we still need to pack , Gale ? We've been packing all day . 
 I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he ? 	I can't believe you wear jeans to the office ! Are you trying to lose your job ? 
 Thanks for your help ! 	May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? 
 John made out with other girls at the party yesterday . 	I'm going to work in a multi-national enterprise after graduation . 
 I'm stuffed ! 	Good morning . More Hotel . At your service . 
 Yes , just like Christmas in western countries , it is a time for eating lots of special food . 	Flowers for my favorite girl . 
 I can imagine ! I tend to faint when I see blood , so I think I won ’ t be taking up a course like that anytime soon ! 	Do you have perfume ? 
 That ’ s great news ! 	It was great meeting you . 
 Yes , sometimes . I don't like working nights I have problems sleeping during the day . 	Have you ever shopped online ? 
 I can think of two things made of paper — stationery and money . 	Labor is an abundant resource here . 
 Now you should know the rest . Don't forget to dial Taipei's city code . 	Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . 
 Could you take it to that counter , please ? 	Is this where I can catch a bus to the theater ? 
 Hey , honey ! Is that you ? Don't eat all the cookies — I want some , too ! 	How do you think the transport system in our city could be improved ? 
 I hope you enjoy your purchase . Good-bye . 	Dad , how can we get to the zoo ? 
 There's a lot of evidence that suggest it will , but I don't think it's going to happen any time soon . 	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely ! 
 That's right . It's over there . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 He seems to be quite qualified . If it is a personal problem I preferred if you would work out between yourselves . 	I'll be glad when winter comes . 
 If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed ! 	I can't bear you anymore . I am sick of your drinking . I am divorcing you . 
 Great . I'll be in later today . Thanks for calling . Bye . 	I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ? 
 Of course , we have . 	Do you have any hobbies ? 
 The earliest we can do is by the end of June . 	Fred , have you made the plan for April 28th ? 
 Sure 	We are very interested in your printed pure silk scarves , so could you introduce us your prices ? 
 You made a good choice . 	Where to , ma'am ? 
 Ok . I just need your name and credit card number to hold the room . 	He got the scholarship to Harvard . 
 Two copies ? One to keep and one to cut the pictures out of , right ? 	Excuse me , can you help me figure out how to get to the Wudaokou subway station from here ? 
 Okay , thank you . 	Merry Christmas ! Mary ! 
 Thank you very much . Here's 10 $ , keep the change , please . 	Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . 
 See you tonight . 	Guess what ! I know something you don't know ! 
 Thank you . See you . 	What date is it today ? 
 That will be 80 Yuan altogether . Here is your invoice . 	Oh . It looks like Jack is going to make his annual speech . 
 They're always asking me to come home , but I think our relationship is better if we keep a distance from each other . Whenever we see each other , all we do is fight . 	Do you think I still fashionable in this dress ? 
 We're going to that new restaurant for lunch . Would you like to join us ? 	Look at this fair . This is my first chance to be involved in the fair . It is so gorgeous and amazing ! 
 That's ok . Here is the address . 	Good Morning Ann . 
 Not bad at all . 	I ’ ll be away for a moment . 
 It has clothes in small sizes for small women . 	What a washing machine ! It ’ s getting worse today . Look ! Now it doesn ’ t work at all . I think I need a new one . 
 Well , it's good in style , but I am afraid it doesn't wash well . 	I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus . 
 Thank you . I think we may be able to work together in the future . 	I hear you are expecting your family . 
 That's not a problem . I'll pop in later today to make a formal request . Thanks ! 	What are you working on ? 
 I think you ’ re right ! 	How's your new car ? 
 They would say I'm a dependable and hard worker . 	Way to go ! It seems beautiful and very delicious . 
 Thank you . 	Something's wrong with my air conditioning . 
 Of course . The brand is Bird and it's famous for its quality . 	Good morning . I want to deposit 3,000 yuan in your bank . 
 Sure . It's an issue asking for everyone's participation . 	You're not looking happy.What ' s the matter ? 
 Great . My face will turn even redder ! 	I usually bowl with an eight ball . I like the control of a light ball . I can spin it more , so that the ball hooks . 
 I would love to . 	School has added several new courses to our grade this semester . I have more homework to do now . 
 That ’ s all right . Hope you can do better tomorrow . 	What should I do to prepare for a job interview ? 
 Whatever . 	It is really exciting news . 
 Fair to middling . A little hard to appreciate . 	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ? 
 Those flowers are lovely , too . 	Did you play football yesterday ? 
 Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so . 	I'm here to open a Current Account with your bank . 
 To my mind , the success of Digest is in the clever selection of its articles in each issue . 	How's your job search going ? 
 Eat humble pie ? Impossible , I ’ Ve never been wrong in judging boys like him . 	Do you think you could keep the noise down ? 
 I ’ ll drink to that ! 	May I see your boarding pass ? 
 That ’ s my final offer . Take it or leave it . 	Hey . Owen ! Have you gone on your family vacation yet ? 
 No . But you mustn ’ t leave it too long . Did you report it the police ? 	What are the seasons like in your city ? 
 Good to meet you too . 	What are you doing this weekend ? 
 We're going to put in some new furniture . 	Joy Chain elementary school , please . 
 Hurry up , little boy . 	Good morning , Miss . 
 Coffee , please . 	What was the movie you saw last night ? 
 Thanks for your help . 	I am thinking about resigning from my current job . 
 Brazil calls for a time out and we ’ ll be right back , after a short commercial break . 	Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ? 
 I have my own company that designs computer systems . 	Do you have the day off today ? How come you're not at work now ? 
 Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded . 	Robert , this is my friend , Mrs . Smith . 
 Yes . 	I'm not a VIP . 
 Oh , you want a convertible sofa . This way , please . Over there is the one you want . 	Oh , no . Charlie , where is my purse ? 
 In a minute , Madam . 	It seldom rains this summer . 
 Well , take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you . Good luck ! 	It looks like it's going to be sunny . 
 Well . Thanks any way 	Which type of telephone bill would you like to pay today ? 
 And his story didn't even hold together . I feel such an idiot . 	What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place ? 
 Don't make a fuss.The price is rising 	Hello , this is Wal-mart . Can I help you ? 
 White rice , please . None of that healthy brown stuff for me ! 	Welcome to Super Stereos . What can I do for you ? 
 Sure . The fitting room is in the corner . 	How about going swimming ? 
 Yes . Here it is . 	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ? 
 Yeah , it was a lot of fun . 	Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ’ t think I can finish everything in time . 
 No , it isn't . That's why it's such a bargain . 	Hello , Madam . What can I do for you today ? 
 But I ’ m just in it for the money , right ? How else am I going to be able to afford to keep taking Angela to the movies ? Besides , I love the smell of gasoline , don ’ t you ? 	What's wrong with you , young man ? 
 OK . I'll go and get a pair of them . 	Tom , it's time for you to take a shower . 
 What an idea ! 	How long will you stay in New York ? 
 Yes , I like inventive jobs and I am capable and responsible . 	Hello , this is Helen speaking . 
 that sounds dreadful ! 	So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ? 
 Sorry , but he's busy then too . 	Hello , Pauline ’ s Furniture Store , Faye speaking . How may I help you ? 
 You're right . 	How is your English ability ? 
 I'm more than happy having her in my class . 	I don ’ t understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . It seems like you ’ Ve got good news everyday . 
 Search me . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 Thank you , ma'am . It's been a pleasure doing business with you . 	Which school is your children in ? 
 Most of them in this store are from Mexico . 	The environment varies greatly because of difference in language , customs and traditions . 
 Insurance against old age , medical problems , unemployment will be paid by both the company and you , and the others by the company . 	I need to get on another bus , but I have no more money . 
 But one must have some basic ideas about nutrition and find the best way for it to work out for the body . 	Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ? 
 OK . 	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late . 
 Got it . Thanks for calling . Bye . 	What happens if we make a deal and thirty to sixty days after delivery the price goes down and you didn't get the best possible price ? How do I handle that ? 
 My name is Gavin White . I was born and raised in London . After high school , I went to Edinburgh University . I worked for one year to pay for my tuition and then got my Bachelor ’ s degree there . Now I've come here to get my Master ’ s degree . I am glad to meet all of you and I hope we will become good friends . 	Excuse me sir.May I come in ? 
 That sounds refreshing . Thanks ! 	Hello . 
 I guess using a computer has a great deal to do with human interaction . Getting in touch with each other must be more fun to your wife and my son than the coolest computer games or the hottest information . 	This place is great . I'm surprised there are so many things here . 
 Not quite , Sir . We will need to also know the account number , the deposited amount and your PIN number . You will also have to come in and fill out some forms . 	Sis , why did you ask me to come to this bargain market ? It's so crowded , and you can't find anything that you really want . 
 Would you mind waiting ? I ’ m on the telephone . 	Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate ! 
 Yes . What I ordered is roast beef , not roast beef sandwiches . 	I was really glad to hear about your award , congratulations ! 
 Playing tennis twice a week will be a good start . Count me in . 	Good morning , I am here for my interview . 
 No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal . 	You must be very busy these days . I heard you are responsible for the meeting arrangements this time . It can be the most important meeting for our company this year . 
 Do you feel like a king in your castle ? 	Did you hear about Neil ? 
 I was not born yesterday . 	I would like to buy some beef . 
 I think you're right . Thank you . 	I'd like a facial . 
 I don't know . My friend told me it was a touching movie . 	Have you heard about the new iPhone ? 
 Wait a minute ! My uncle lives in Beijing and he lives very close to the theatre . I'll telephone him and ask him to go there to inquire about it . You'd better have breakfast now and I'll meet you later . 	I hear that you've been to the Saikei Ski Resort for the weekend . Did you enjoy it ? 
 Sure ! It's txyb@gmail.com . 	You are blue in the face , arn't you ? 
 That is truly amazing ! 	I'm afraid I can't complete my paper on time . 
 Yeah , it was scary , but exhilarating . 	Please take a seat . 
 Ah , ah , you promised , and remember ? 	Do you like our new history teacher ? 
 No , that's it . Thanks . I really appreciate it . 	Good morning , sir . 
 I'm looking forward to it . 	Whatever we do , we should do it above board . 
 I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing . 	Hello . May I help you ? 
 Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories . 	I visited the famous variety show host , Dennis . 
 All right . Just give me the ticket . 	Mom ? 
 Thanks . Maybe I will do business through Internet in the future . 	Steven , it's ten o'clock . I'm going to bed . I'm beat . 
 Not far away.It ' s over there . 	Hey , Maggy , Did you hear about David ? 
 Will do . 	Rebecca Johnson speaking . 
 Take a guess . 	Happy New Year ! 
 OK . 	What do you think of this one ? 
 Good-bye , Mr White . A happy journey home , and hope to see you again soon . 	Excuse me . Mr . Emory ? 
 All right . I'll see you in the lobby tomorrow morning . 	Can you speak Japanese ? 
 Absolutely ! 	How do you do . I ’ m Mark Rancor . 
 At 2 PM , give a presentation here with the press . At four o ’ clock sharp , have dinner with Mr . Smith , manager of NCC . 	Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it . 
 The creditor's equity is the same as liabilities . 	What do you think ? 
 Bye ! 	Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece ? 
 Of course the children . 	Now , what seems to be the trouble ? 
 That ’ s all right . 	Good to see you . Come on in . 
 Just a moment . I'll weigh it . 	Wanna chill out and watch cable ? 
 You must go to immigration to the departure lounge . 	Excuse me , I wonder if you can help me . 
 That will be fourteen dollars in all . 	Now we have settled the terms of payment . Is it possible to effect shipment during September ? 
 Many people like him get a flying start but soon disappear . 	Hi ! Can I help you ? 
 Really ? I've already opened this one.Say , this is sweet , and it's just what I need to go with my new suit.Thank you ever so much . 	The boss is mad at you . 
 I will . Thank you . 	It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy . 
 All right , sir . You should receive your dinner in about ten minutes . 	What shall I call him ? 
 Oh , you have too wild of an imagination . 	How long will it take for our order to be delivered ? 
 It said that he's hoping to get a face transplant , but until then , he's looking forward to Halloween so he isn't the only one wearing a mask . 	Hello . May I speak to Brian , please ? 
 Anyway , the host team seems to fight for the gold . 	I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM's China Headquarters . 
 Thanks , honey , that was a great meal . I ’ m stuffed . Do we have any chips left ? 	where are you going , Jane ? 
 I think I can manage that . Let's see ... yes , here we are . 	Congratulations ! I heard that you are going to take a two-week training course in the headquarter . 
 Oh , then I will arrange one of my staff to meet you at the airport . 	Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ? 
 They produce manifesto . These documents which states their policies . Some people just vote for the same party every time there is an election . Votes who often change the party they vote for are called floating voters . 	Tell me about yourself and your past experience . 
 I want to go four times a week , but I'm too lazy . Last week , I only went to workout once . 	Good morning , doctor . I've been suffering very much from a toothache lately . 
 I am competent in using Word , Excel , Windows and other commonly used softwares . 	Let's invite Bobbie and John to our party , OK ? 
 I ... I can ’ t breathe . 	Good morning . Could I speak to Frans Smith please ? 
 Goodbye . 	So do you believe in palmistry ? 
 Thank you for understanding . I promise I'll make it up to you . 	What in the world is that smell ? 
 I have no idea . It was completely out of the blue . 	I feel pity for the old man . 
 Don ’ t sweat it . We will land safely . 	You look like a basket case . 
 Yes , I will . I hope I'll enjoy working with you . 	Is anything the matter , sir ? 
 Sure . 	Sit down , please . What's wrong with you ? 
 Yeah , I know . 	I need to get internet . 
 Of course , you can . 	Kathy ! How are you ? It's been ages ! What are you doing these days ? 
 $ 150 including the cloth . 	Mrs . Wang , would you give us an idea of the price you regard as workable ? 
 OK . I'll be happy to join you . 	Richard , why didn't you come to school today ? 
 Um , well , if you want to do a real simple one , you can just use some pre-made salsa and cheese , and that's easy , or you can do something like cut up some ham and cheese , onions , tomatoes , mushrooms , anything that you like . If you want to make a spinach omelet then you have to add the cooked spinach to the egg mixture . So it's actually cooked in it . It's inside bacon and sour cream is nice and Jack cheese . 	What upsets you ? 
 You could be right . 	When were you born may I ask ? 
 Demographics say an average age of 28.7 , educational background of university or post-grad , annual household income of 40-50 K a year . 	Mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ... 
 Certainly . 	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again . 
 Well , it can't be helped . I really must have that money . Thank you . 	Hello , Fairbrook Consulting , how may I help you ? 
 Wow , you're not kidding . Hold on a second . Hello , could you give us a hand , please ? 	How may I help you ? 
 So do I . 	Hello , can I help you ? 
 As you know , my city is on the coast.the water is also not clean.but people still go swimming all year around . i prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot in sunny . 	How much do you expect to earn ? 
 Thanks . 	Jacob , are you interested in helping me out and going on a blind date with a friend of mine ? 
 Let's have the salesmen for a demonstration . 	Have you had enough time to look over the menu ? 
 Yeah . I think everyone should go easy on driving . 	This apartment is great , but could I upgrade a few things ? 
 Always . 	Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . 
 I changed my open office hours because several of my employees found it difficult to visit me except in the early mornings . 	How much are you planning to buy ? 
 Maybe ... 	John , do you have a minute ? 
 Great ! 	Why are those people crying ? 
 Oh , that's the only place where jeans are not popular . I'd better just go home . 	OK , let's find somebody then . 
 Oh , God . I've almost forgotten . I'll get it done right away . 	Does this TV work well ? 
 Yes . For me , who can't hold much liquor , it's particularly agreeable . If only I had thechance to enjoy Chinese Matai at a leisured pace while sitting at a Western banquet ! 	With tomorrow being Labor Day and all , I think it would be a nice gesture to let all the members of laboring staff leave work an hour early . What do you say ? 
 I can't wait to play in the water . My feet are burning when I stand on the sand . 	I want to improve my handwriting , and I've practiced it for several weeks , but nothing happened . You see , my handwriting is still bad . 
 And he can move . too ! He dances like Ricky Martin ! 	Look ! That man who is baking bread is so handsome . 
 Here you are . Thanks a lot . 	Mr . Brown , are your children always kicking up a row like this ? I cannot concentrate on my paper . 
 OK then . We shall ask them to put some red chilli on it . 	Did you hear something ? 
 I ’ m sorry , Mr . Michael . Could you tell me where the problems are exactly ? Maybe I misunderstood the client ’ s intentions . 	Jane ! What an enchanting skirt you have on ! 
 Oh , excellent . Why don't we talk in German for a while then ? 	The mosquitos are biting me ! 
 Oh , I see . I'll show you some . 	So , Fred , what are your plans for after graduation ? 
 Then I came back here . I worked for about three years to get some experience . 	May I help you ? 
 Come here ; let me introduce some friends to you . 	I wonder how Sarah and Mat are . 
 Trust me , the food isn't half bad . 	It has a receiver , a CD player , a double cassette deck , and a turntable . 
 I hope so . 	I was looking for the Resume Writing Workshop . 
 My pleasure . 	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work . 
 I know , I'm sorry . 	Mary , I have something to tell you . 
 Yeah , I'm not too worried about Vince , but I'd hate to face Zina if we don't deliver ... 	Hey , you ’ re early ! Where ’ s everyone ? 
 Thank you very much . Bye-bye . 	Can I help you , Madam ? 
 Looks like anything fun makes you excited . 	You like Titanic ? That movie is so cheesy . 
 Hold the line , please . I'll put your call through . 	I think I'll write a book . 
 That ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot . 	Hello ! Let me introduce myself . My name is Nancy . 
 Precisely , the actions the countries have committed to take are consistent with TO agreement . 	The flood will come on the heels of the heavy rain . 
 You are welcome . 	Has my package arrived ? 
 Well , you should be sorry ! Don ’ t ever use my computer again ! You can ’ t do anything now , it ’ s too late ! 	So can we play PlayStation later ? 
 Yeah , but I wish they delivered video games too . Then I would never leave my house ! 	Hello . Can I speak to Kevin , please ? 
 Yes . It could happen . 	You're late . 
 All right . Wait for a moment , please . 	Good , morning ! Can I help you ? 
 Great ! Let ’ s do it ! 	Mary is such a cautious girl ! 
 I will . 	This is how you turn on the computer . 
 I love it . It's so festive ! And where did you get that cup ? It's got the same logo as the car . 	What did you say ? 
 It seems that they really enjoy to go faster , higher and further . 	I ’ m tired , Larry . Can we have a break ? 
 You know , I like traveling . I made good use of this long vacation and enjoyed myself . 	I find Beijing Opera is quite a bore . 
 I ’ Ve been busy , Hilary . We can set up a meeting to talk about the deal , but I still feel the same way . I don ’ t think it ’ s worth it . 	What are in this folder ? 
 That ’ s wonderful . Thank you . 	What day is today ? 
 Have a nice nap . 	Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ? 
 Thank you all the same . 	Can you play baseball with me today ? 
 Only black coffee . 	Wow , the view from the peak is so grand ! 
 Yes , this is Cindy Wang of A & B Trading Company in New York . 	Are you enjoying your trip to New Orleans ? 
 Thanks . See you at five . Don ’ t forget to bring your valentine . 	I always feel I ’ m left high and dry with nobody to rely on . 
 I ’ ll give you their phone number . It ’ s 601 789 5634 . 	Would you mind doing something for me ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Feel free to ask me any time you need help . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Well , there is that , yes . 	Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . 
 don't worry . 	Good afternoon , Peace Hotel , what can I do for you ? 
 I have no idea . 	Hello , could I make a reservation ? 
 Yes , there is , drinking your coffee ! 	Have you got any better ? 
 Thank you . 	Are you going out again ? 
 Why don't you start cooking then ? 	Sir , are you alright ? Just try to calm down , Sir . What's happened ? 
 Who's calling ? 	I am going on a business trip to Guangzhou next Monday morning . 
 Alright . Have a nice trip . 	Honey , I ’ ll be right back ! 
 First of all , I hope to spend a few years working in some famous companies to command a skill , to set a solid foundation and to build my interpersonal network . When I feel I have accumulated enough experience , I hope to own an undertaking . Of course this is up to the situation then and the opportunities the companies offer me . In the long run , I hope to be an entrepreneur . 	Welcome to Game World . What can I do for you ? 
 I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language . 	Hi , Bill . 
 Thank you . 	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something . 
 All right . Why don ’ t you have a seat ? What ’ s the problem ? 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Partly , and he's also a hard working man . 	I've read your resume and know a lot of things about your qualifications for this position . One thing you didn't mention is why you left your last job ? I know the company you worked for is a good company . 
 Good news ! I ’ ll be glad to . When do you need it ? 	What shall we do now ? 
 Oh , she can make her own decisions . 	John's very late.Do you think he's coming ? 
 Well , thanks , Bill . Let me know what happens . That extra money will really come in handy . 	Have you heard the news ? 
 That's true . 	I've got to get dad a Father's Day gift . 
 Please bring me a cup of coffee . 	David , what's new with you ? You are not in the mood . Can you tell me ? 
 9 : OO . Don't worry , Miss , we have buses every 15 minutes . 	You must be Mr White from Britain . 
 Basketball , I'm a basketball fan . 	I wonder if the dentist could fit me in early tomorrow . 
 Aw , Mom . I don't want fruit , Aren't there any chocolate chips ? 	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy . 
 Sure they are . Some hi-tech devices are built in to make sure they pollute less . Some of these green cars have not become standard . So the production costs are still high . But anyway , we should make efforts to start with . 	Well , you know how important a clean house is to your grandma . 
 Of course . 	Thanks for helping me move into my new house . 
 Once a week . 	Dad , I'm scared . 
 I see , thank you . 	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ? 
 Sure . 	Hi , my name ’ s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door . 
 I sure will . Thanks . 	can I see your passport , please ? 
 I'll have to write you a ticket and suspend your driver's license for 3 months . 	Here's a model of our latest design . What do you think of it ? 
 Maybe this is God's will . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Yes , but I still think it could be better . 	Hi Kevin , how was your year at college ? 
 I'll go myself then . 	How can I get to Lakeside Park ? 
 Thank you . Good night . 	Good afternoon . It's a pleasure to see you again ! What can we do for you today ? 
 Good luck . 	May , I saw a beautiful cotton down coat in the shopping mail . 
 Well , you certainly didn ’ t choose her because of her looks ! Hey , I was joking ! Don ’ t hit me ! 	I've brought a little dog for Alice , girls usually like looking after pets . 
 He is on the line . 	What did you say ? 
 Yes , I have a three-year-old son . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for the airport bus stop . Do you know where it is ? 
 Sorry , I'm very near sighted . 	I got the job you recommended me for last week . 
 I get it , and thank you for your honesty . 	Could you change this note for me , please ? 
 Good point . This is Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington D . C . , back to you , Tom . 	I've brought this dress back to exchange it . 
 I am afraid not . Tomorrow is premiere . 	May I help you with something ? 
 Sounds fine . 	What are you going to do with that vase , Penny ? 
 Well , there's nothing much wrong with you . You're under too much pressure . 	Excuse me , sir , may I talk to you ? 
 Give me two pieces of cake . 	I want to make a phone call . Can you show me how ? 
 Good . Now just complete this form . 	Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you ? 
 Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there . 	I've just had an argument with Bob . 
 If you ask me , it's a walking invitation ! 	Who is it ? 
 Be warned , sir . At certain hours the swim stations are very crowded . 	How was your first date , David ? Are you satisfied with Jane ? 
 Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free . 	Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money ? 
 That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee . 	How many courses do you have for this semester ? 
 All right . 	I ’ d like to apply for a secretarial position . 
 All right.Here ' s the money . I suppose I'll have to drive you there . 	What are you two doing in here ? 
 Hurry up , little boy . 	What's your name ? 
 That's true . 	Have you seen Harry ? 
 Oh ... 	Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Not at all . We are friends . 	The boss had an informal discussion with me this morning , I feel really down . 
 I spent a year to get my license . 	Do you have any night tours ? 
 OK . 	We are approaching the top of the mountain . 
 He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age . 	How far do we have to go ? 
 I agree . But even though I like comedies , I usually prefer more serious films . My favorite movie is " Titanic . " 	can you squeeze me in sometime today ? 
 OK , thank you . 	Good morning . I came in answer to your advertisement for a salesperson . 
 Yes , I have all of them . I am totally competent to be a senior executive . 	The music has started . 
 Maybe . But it emphasizes participation and a spirit of courage , and can give one the extreme sense of cheerfulness and success . I'm getting to like the game more and more . 	What salary are you expecting ? 
 Thank you . I won ’ t miss it . 	Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ? 
 The Chinatown in Vancouver is the second largest Chinatown in the North America . 	How are your wedding plans going ? 
 Alright . I'll have another drink . 	I don ’ t think I can take another semester of this dorm food . 
 I see . 	I really want to get something to eat . 
 So beat the cat , but don't kill it . 	Doctor Ruth's office , may I help you ? 
 If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don ’ t feel like dodging cars and scooters ! 	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room . 
 I must to ask you to reconsider your decision and give me a chance . 	Excuse me . What should I wear if I want to go to an interview ? 
 Of course not ! 	Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ? 
 Where's the peeler ? 	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon . 
 You are right . I won't cry anymore . 	Good afternoon , it's nice to see you again . Have you decided to go ahead and try for the Fixed Asset Loan ? 
 Great . I ’ m looking forward to it . 	Can you recommend a resort to me ? 
 OK . I will write to you as soon as I get there . 	I give up ! I simply can't learn French ! 
 Yeah , I make certain . A half-price ticket cuts us one point five Yuan . 	That's a cool jacket . Where did you get it ? 
 I don't believe you can make it when you meet your Mrs . Right . 	We're leaving now . 
 Oh , domestic things ? Yes , of course , we can help you with that . 	I'd like to send this to Chicago . 
 Good for you , keep it up . 	Waiter , show me the menu , please . 
 By melting it down and then reforming it . Our main products are bin liners for kitchen bins and carrier bags for supermarkets . 	Hey , what's good with you ? 
 OK . We will contact you as soon as we have any clues . 	Dad , how can we get to the zoo ? 
 I will feel it is a pity . But I will not feel so bad . I will go for other interviews until I am employed satisfactorily . Hopefully before I find another position , you will call me back . 	Your dog is so much fun . He ’ s so playful . I wish our cat enjoyed being around people as much as your dog does . 
 Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't . 	Hello , Deva , how are you ? 
 Certainly madam . Here ’ s your key . Your room is on the 7th floor and on the left . Room 781 . Check out is at 12 noon . 	Mark , you really did a good job . 
 I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit . 	I'd like to check in , PLS . 
 You know what ? I don ’ t really need the money . Thanks anyways ! 	Room service , can I help you ? 
 Yeah , they are pretty low-maintenance ; they eat almost anything . 	Richard ? Do you have the number for that Chinese restaurant on the corner ? 
 Well , the check out time is 12:00 o'clock everyday , if you checked out after 15:00 , we have to charge you for another day . 	It ’ s really terrible ! 
 Just let it be . Her rudeness will come back to haunt her . 	Are you coming to the bridal shower for Jane ? 
 Fabulous ! We should look at engagement rings then ! Now that ’ s a whole other section . 	have you ever seen Bill Gate's home on the internet ? 
 Can I have some cookies first , please ? 	Grandpa , this restaurant looks really old ! How long ago was it built ? 
 Your approval would be my honor . 	Bill , will you be free at noon ? 
 Oh , gag me ! She's totally gross ! 	The weekend's finally here ! 
 Oh , that's ideal . 	Doctor , what are some things I can do to stay as healthy as I can be ? 
 And about time too ! 	John , why don ’ t you go and do some gardening ? The lawn needs weeding . 
 No thanks . 	May I have 5 tokens ? Here is the money . 
 That ’ s fine . Thanks for coming to see us . I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week . 	Your boyfriend is so considerate to you . When do you plan to marry ? 
 That ’ s right . 	I usually get a lot of information on the computer and use E-mail to send messages to my friends . 
 Great . We will give you a chance to have an interview in our company . 	In 1986 , a New Zealander Hackett popularized Bungee as a commercialized sport of mass entertainment . This sport is very challenging . It is a test of people's psychological ability of endurance . Especially when descending , as if they are watching a fast forward tape and when they bounce back , they sway around . The timid people will shrink back at the sight of it . Even if they jump off , they find it hard to avoid screaming with closed eyes . No wonder people give the title ' brave ' to anyone who jumps off . 
 Bye . 	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party . 
 Ii is distinguished for the strength of law and foreign languages studies .. 	I want to rent a formal suit here.Do you have a purple dress here ? 
 Just word of mouth . 	would you like to learn to tango Donar ? 
 Tomorrow we'll go and pick out some curtains and paint . 	Have you been to Shanghai before ? 
 Okay , I'll get you one . 	At what age do children start school in your country ? 
 That would be great . Thanks ! 	I don't think the teacher had a right to say that . The teacher was wrong to have accused her in front of the whole class . 
 Allow me to give you a hand . 	I enjoy the folk song and dance show very much . 
 Indeed , you're exactly right ! 	There is a new coffee shop opening up down the street . 
 Well , let me talk to my manager , okay ? 	So where is this mystery restaurant that we are going to ? 
 Good . I'll come back in the evening . 	Good morning . How are you ? 
 No problem , here you are . 	Excuse me , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Take my word for it . 	Where is my contract ? 
 He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs . 	How are you doing with your English Language studies ? 
 I think so . I ’ Ve got the shopping list , so let ’ s go . 	Hello , I'd like to see Mr . Baker for some business . 
 I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Douglas . 	Tom did me many favors . 
 Yes , I'll see that she get the message when she checks in . 	What else , Ma'am ? 
 Okay . Have it your way , but don't say I didn't warn you . 	God , I didn ’ t realize . I didn ’ t , I didn ’ t know ... 
 Sure . You can fully enjoy your time together . 	So the company decided to cancel your trip to Hong Kong ? 
 Well , I guess you're out of luck . 	I think I need some iced water , too . Is there an extra charge for that ? 
 I am sorry , sir . I have to give you a ticket . You can appeal to the court within 14 days . You will avoid paying the fine if you can prove that you are not at fault . 	What's the score ? 
 Yes . Let's start today . 	Mum , I have something for you today . 
 You're welcome . 	Your knowledge of English is really surprising . 
 Well , I really recommend Spain . You really should go . Anyway , it's been great to catch up , but I must be going , this is my floor . Speak again soon I hope . 	Excuse me , sir.You are not supposed to smoke here . 
 Yes , just a moment , please . 	We're supposed to check in at the air-china ’ s counter . Thirty minutes before take off , Joe . 
 Yes , please . Milk and two sugar . 	There are something wrong with my computer . 
 That sounds perfect . 	Well , tell me something of yourself . 
 Congratulations on being a part of history . 	What can I help you with today ? 
 You're probably right . Oh , what the heck ! I'll take it all ... in maroon , like you said . 	Hi Sam , would you like to come for a curry with us next Friday ? 
 OK , I will remember . 	Hey Eve , how are you ? 
 go on . Take a chance . You could just hint at your idea . The client should be smart enough to take a hint . 	What made you decide on this type of occupation ? 
 Good idea . 	Speaking of classical music , we should never forget about the New Year's Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic . 
 Wow , Bruce crossed the line first . 	I'm very grateful for what you have done to my son , doctor . 
 Recliner ? In my beautifully decorated living room ? I don ’ t think so ! 	Hello , 35 .. 
 Confirmed . Thank you for using our bank ! Please remove your card from the slot . Goodbye ! 	Let ’ s try to get out of the supermarket quickly . 
 Oh , don ’ t worry , I will ! 	Tom's dating your sister . 
 Okay , I'll speak to him . 	Doctor , can you give me some suggestions on how to stay healthy ? 
 Are you kidding me ? Becky ? She ’ s a real bitch . 	So click here , then up to the top . 
 OK , here is your change . 	Would you pour me some of that tea , please ? 
 Why not ? I'd love to ! 	You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . 
 You're still going to get it . 	We've got very good workshop facilities here . We do all our own servicing and most repairs . We have separate areas for welding , grinding and sawing . 
 Very good idea . Sometimes such pictures can show the house's richness . 	Hi . I'm looking for some good deals on produce . 
 Thank you so much ! 	I have a question about my payment and need someone to help me . 
 Hope so ! 	Hello , May I help you ? 
 Sounds ideal . We'll get back to you in a couple of days then . 	Hello , Green here . 
 The situation differs in person . 	Come in and sit down , Jack.Now , what's the trouble ? 
 Okay , okay , we'll split it 50/50 . 	I made a reservation three days ago.My name is George Smith . 
 that sounds kind of boring . Oh , look . They're dimming the lights . I think we should get back to our seats for the second half of the play . 	Why are you so rude to your wife ? 
 Thank you . I just hope she won't feel pressed . 	There's a double feature at the cinema this Saturday . Do you want to go with me ? 
 Of course . We are already out of our motherland . 	Does your country export a lot of natural resources ? 
 All right . Please wait for a moment . 	Mr . Emory , I ’ d like to take this afternoon off if it's all right with you . 
 That's right . I am still wet behind the ears . 	Welcome to our Colonial Tramcar Restaurant , ma'am . Where would you like to sit ? 
 You are absolutely right . They are too brief . They don't tell you anything . 	Excuse me . What's the actual flying time from here to San Francisco ? 
 You won't be late . It's still early . 	Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say ? 
 Yes and I've written him a letter . 	Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? 
 It ’ s so wet and dark , I ’ m just fed up . 	I ’ m reporting from Channel 5 News . 
 I'm going to go get a pair for myself . 	Julia , will you be my wife ? 
 He's done staff for Microsoft and Boeing . I think he's been involved with Siemens ' training evaluations as well . I'll get you his card , you can give him a call . 	I can ’ t decide what to do today . 
 It comes on the dot . 	Did you have any hobbies ? 
 Is there a discount for buying in large quantity ? 	I'm going to try sky diving this weekend . 
 Then I'll accept it with thanks . 	Aren ’ t you interested in watching the Olympics ? There have been some excellent performances by athletes from all over the world . 
 Great , thanks a lot ! I hope to hear from you ! Good bye . 	You didn't ring me last night.You said you would . 
 I know , I know . Well , is there some , is there someone else ? Oh , that woman on television , Sydney Ann . 	Good morning , and welcome to our bank . What can I do for you today ? 
 Any time . If you have a good idea , don't be afraid to speak up.This is a company that appreciates initiative . 	Do you wash clothes here often ? 
 If you could just give us a few more days , we should be able to get this straightened out . 	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ? 
 That was quick thinking . 	To get around your difficulty , Mr Smith . I'd suggest that you reduce your order by half . You can send in an additional order later . 
 Hmm ... not so hot . They sell them here for about that . 	It's snowing outside . 
 Thank you . You save me . 	What courses did you take in college ? 
 You will be able to track your progress during the year . 	The last thing I want to see is to lose face before my friends . 
 I have to get home , but I don't need all of this fancy technology , I think I'll just walk . 	I want to make dinner tonight . 
 Yes , you are right . 	What's the cost of the trousers ? 
 Take-out , please . 	Are you ready to order yet , sir ? 
 All right.There we go . 	Are there any special unemployment forms I need to fill out ? 
 Hey , I am a pretty cool guy . I will make friends , and I'll have a lot of extracurricular activities too . You know , like fencing , or theater or something . 	Are you a newcomer ? 
 I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment . 	Are you going to vote ? 
 That's true . But I am sorry I can't make an exception . We have quoted you our lowest price . We can't give you any more discounts . 	I have to use the ATM . 
 It should be no longer than an hour . 	I'm glad we came here . This is really delicious ! 
 Right . 	Are we supposed to get off right here ? 
 That's a problem . He has sort of Dutch courage and that will egg him on in doing anything . 	Hello , Miss . I want to listen to the music . Could you tell me how to adjust it ? 
 Certainly , as long as you don't tell my wife . 	What do you expect of the position ? 
 I like Indian food as well . 	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game . 
 See you . 	how did you do on your BELTS exam ? 
 Yeah , but so what ! I ’ m proud to live in the world ’ s most exciting city . And , the salaries here are the highest in the nation , too . 	Thanks for inviting me . And happy birthday , Julia . 
 He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs . 	Excuse me , sir , could you please tell me the way to Aidan Bookstore ? 
 Yes , that ’ s all right . Thank you very much . 	It seems to me that everything is going digital nowadays . 
 Maybe it can take effect . 	I'd like to remit 5000 dollars to my friend . 
 I see . 	I plan to add an introductory letter behind the resume to increase the probabilities of success in the interview . 
 Let me see . What a moving poem ! 	Hey , check out this new game I bought today . 
 Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know . 	How's your work ? 
 Wait for my instructions and then proceed accordingly . 	Are there any interesting articles in today ’ s newspapers ? 
 Are you suggesting that anyone can be ? 	Wonderland Travel , may I help you ? 
 Her line is through now , please go ahead . 	Ann invited us to dinner this saturday afternoon . 
 You have to pay $ 0.5 more . 	Thanks for coming in today , did you have any trouble finding us ? Please take a seat . 
 Dad really knew what he was doing when he chose you to take over for him when he was gone ! 	How happy you are ! Next Monday is your wedding day . Congratulations ! 
 I appreciate that , thank you . 	Crossed cousin marriage is not allowed in China . 
 Bye ! 	Hi , I ’ d like a single room . 
 We needed larger premises so we moved to this greenfield site last year . It's nearer the motorway so it's better for transportation . 	I really need to go shopping . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Why did Tom quit his job ? 
 I'd be very pleased . 	Do you want to practice your driving right now ? 
 How amazing ! 	Can I order take-out here ? 
 I know he will , too . 	Do you like coffee , Ann ? 
 OK . I'll look after it then . 	Good afternoon , what can I do for you ? 
 I'm sorry , but the price is final . 	I often see some ' new age people ' show off their various skills to handle a skateboard , which makes me wonder in awe . 
 Sorry , I don't smoke . 	How are you ? 
 Yes , it is.One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive . 	Sorry to bother you sir , but I have some bad news . 
 Really ? Quite a woman , isn ’ t she ? 	Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike ? 
 That's great . We should visit him some time . 	I see an Open House sign over there , and I think we should go check it out . 
 Thank you , Paul . 	Sam , I am so sorry . It was your birthday yesterday and I completely forgot about it . 
 Thank you . 	When do you go to bed usually ? 
 Thanks , this is a fine party . We should have a drink together to celebrate your birthday 	You know ... I did very poorly on that test . 
 Sometimes , but not quite often . 	Hey , let ’ s go to the night market after work tonight . 
 You can see the doctor of your choice then , and we will see you at your scheduled appointment time . 	Please send this memo out to all the managerial staff ... there will be training for all the department heads next week . Attendance for managerial staff is mandatory , except for the financial department . Financial officers may participate if their schedules allow . 
 Okay . Thanks . 	Do you think you can fix my computer ? 
 Yes . I want a first class single ticket . 	There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . 
 Sure . 	Can you be serious for a moment , we've been dating for 6 months now , I really like you . I'd like to take a relationship to the next level . 
 That's incredible ! 	I want to go try on these clothes . 
 Sure . He ’ ll get the bag . I think . 	Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new ? 
 Okay . No problem . 	Would you please mail these letters , Lucy ? 
 you have to give them credit , though . It's about time people started becoming more aware of the dangers of smoking . 	It has just occurred to me that there is still another possibility to ensure a prompt delivery of the goods . 
 Great minds think alike . 	Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? 
 Not at all . I am pleased to tell you these . 	Are you married ? 
 It's freezing . 	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ? 
 It is very quiet and peaceful . This is what I want . 	Excuse me . Could you tell me the way to the Star Hotel ? 
 You have quite a range , haven't you ? I would like to see some other styles . 	Is Water Shrinking Festival official ? 
 No , thanks . I'm fine . 	Ahahah ! What is that thing on your couch ! It just moved ! 
 Cheer up ! Don't let me down . We all make mistakes , and that is life . 	Do you have any tissue , Eve ? I've used all mine . 
 OK . 	Zina , can I talk to you about something personal ? 
 Exactly . 	I really need to find a parking spot . 
 That's fine . 	Would you like any toast , dear ? 
 Aren't you crazy ? 	Hello , housekeeping . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 It sure is . 	Taxi ! Taxi ! Could you help me load these luggage in the trunk ? 
 I'm sorry , Mum . 	Hi , John Phillips ? I ’ m Rose Green . I ’ Ve been asked to handle your training and introduce a little bit of the company to you . It ’ s nice to meet you . 
 They caught him before he could walk through the front door . 	An interesting meeting , isn't it ? 
 Well , thank you . I hope to see you at school tomorrow . 	I simply couldn ’ t help giving him the fish-eye when I knew all that . 
 Congratulations ! That's really something beyond my imagination . 	Tell me about how you work here . 
 Good.Now here's the address of the factory.The manager's name is ... 	I like your sweater . It suits you very well . 
 Yes , I overlooked some facts . I ’ ll be more sorrow . 	Hello , Ann ! Is that you ? 
 Fine.Please fill out the application form . 	Could you introduce to me the man over there ? 
 I ’ m sorry , Ms . Gray . I must have lost track of the time . I ’ ll get back to work , now . 	May I help you ? 
 Thanks for your praise , Madam . 	What ? I don't get it ... 
 As you know , my city is on the coast.the water is also not clean . But people still go swimming all year around . I prefer to sand bath on the beach when the weather is hot and sunning . 	Did Bean send these dirty jokes to you , too ? Look ! 
 It depends on the type of work . Usually I prefer to work alone , because I ’ m self-motivated . But I can work either way . If necessary , I don ’ t hesitate to join the team . 	Why are you in court today ? 
 That's outrageous ! I just don't understand why they're not on top of this . 	Good afternoon madam . What can I do for you ? 
 Thanks very much . I promise I will work harder . 	Hi , can you tell me where I could make a copy of a document right now ? 
 That sounds fine . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for a good novel . Can you recommend anything ? 
 Yes . It will keep your face from getting dry and make your skin soft . 	Please do excuse me for a moment . I've got diarrhea . 
 Fine ! I want a divorce ! 	Have you seen any good movies lately ? 
 Cash , please . 	I hear that Helen does not relate very well to her husband . 
 You just turn a deaf ear when she talks . 	I've come to say goodbye . 
 The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like . Our weather is so changeable . 	Can I help you ? 
 Once a month . 	Accounting , this is Mike . 
 That's a good idea ! 	Have you been to the Queen Street West ? 
 But I find Japanese ones better . 	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work . 
 Playing tennis twice a week will be a good start . Count me in . 	What case do you have against the police ? 
 Bye ! 	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ? 
 It seems to me that you always do better than you say . 	He has worked five years in that bank . 
 Thank you very much . 	Dad , you've been driving for three hours . Why don't we have a switch ? 
 I'm fling , Jack . ( singing ) Come , Josephine , in my flying machine . Up she goes , and up she goes ... 	I'm getting a tattoo tomorrow . 
 No problem , sir . 	Hey , guys ! 
 You ’ re welcome . 	We'd like to rent a flat near the university . 
 He ’ ll finish writing in a minute . 	Is your turn , Sir . I ‘ m sorry that you have to wait . Saturday is busy day for us . 
 Wow ! All because of Super Bulk-Up . 	Good morning . What can I do for you , sir ? 
 OK . It sounds fine . 	Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the Cross Bakery building ? 
 Come on . You ’ ll feel better after we hit the showers . 	Can you tell which team seems to win ? 
 Yes . I can't even find a seat . 	Hello , I've got to get up early tomorrow , so please give me a wake-up call . 
 Well , as a matter of fact , I've got a lunch date with Bob Thomas . 	You stay beside me ; I'll fry the meat in the oil first . 
 I suppose he's not in top form . 	Would you like me to show you our new cleaning unit ? It's a clever design . 
 Thank you . 	Cindy ! Are you getting take-out ? 
 Yeah , it sure would . 	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . 
 Yeah , I think it will be wonderful . 	I'm feeling wonderful . 
 I'm so pleased that you can go . 	Jason . There ’ s a snag in the plans for the Hoover Center . 
 Yeah . But I ... 	This is a great meal ! 
 Thank you . 	I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . 
 You put it in the slot at the turnstile and then push the turnstile to get into the platform . 	I have made up my mind . I am getting a tattoo . 
 Thanks . 	Well , what about it ? As it happens I've got two tickets for next thursday evening . I thought perhaps . 
 Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know . 	Hi , Dave . You're early . 
 Oh , that would be very useful . 	What's this , I wonder ? 
 Thanks . Now I ’ d like to check out this book . 	Wow , Is winter always this cold in Taiwan ? 
 So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true ! 	Hey , John ! I haven ’ t seen you in ages ! What ’ s new ? What have you been up to ? 
 Thirty dollars . 	He said he will get married by the end of this month . 
 Not really . There are many successful mixed marriage around us . 	Good morning , can I have your ticket , please ? 
 No problem . 	Excuse me . Something is wrong with my bank card . Can you help me ? 
 Would you please fill out the form ? 	Our advertisement says English competence is a key requirement of this position . Then how do you think of your proficiency in written and spoken English ? 
 Damn ! 	Excuse me , what's the screen near your steering wheel for ? 
 OK.thank you . 	Did you lock the doors ? 
 It's a bit small but looks nice.What ' s more , it's only ten minutes ' walk to the company . 	I put in two quarters for a coke , but nothing came out of the machine . 
 How do you want your moustache trimmed ? 	Why aren't you doing your homework ? 
 Unfortunately , sir , you'll have to pay the $ 2 , whether you like it or not . 	Why do you want to join us ? 
 It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning . 	Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? 
 That would be very good of you , Mr . White . 	Can you show me how to use chopsticks ? 
 Yes , right now it's the busy season . 	I'd like to extend my visa for another two years . 
 Great . Thanks for you advice ! 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 Did you ever talk to him about it ? 	Hey Ted , I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look . 
 Thank you . I will . 	Room reservations . Can I help you ? 
 Not at all . 	I can't believe the weather is so gorgeous for your wedding . 
 Thanks very much for your help , Li Lan . See you tomorrow . 	May I help you ? 
 That's perfect . I will definitely do well . 	Mr . Crane ’ s office . Sandy speaking . May I help you ? 
 The swim stations are very popular , sir . I hope you don't find a line down there . 	Where do you plan to go this winter ? 
 That's great . Thank you very much . 	Ahhchooo ! 
 Maybe . But it still gets on my nerves . 	Hello . Is this Ann ? 
 Are you kidding ? It's too early for her . 	Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ? 
 That's what friends are for . 	I wanna register for this mathematics course . 
 And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest . 	are you good at cooking ? 
 Okay . 	Excuse me . Do you think I can get there in time to catch the 11:30 train ? 
 I get it now . 	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ? 
 You can talk with him . 	I am thinking about inviting you to a dinner . When would you have time ? And what kind of food do you fancy ? 
 Okay , I guess that's it . Let's go pay for this stuff . 	Welcome to Adventure Tours . How may I help you ? 
 Thank you ! 	Mr . Smith is really a thorough drag . 
 Thank you . 	I'd like to buy some postcards of Beijing . 
 And he can move , too ! He dances like Ricky Martin ! 	I have been looking at this online catalog for over an hour and I still haven ’ t finished getting all the kitchen appliances that we need ! 
 Don't worry . We can always change our careers , when we are unsatisfied with them . 	Did you like the Chanel bag that I got ? 
 Maybe you are right . 	What did you think of the movie ? 
 I can ask for some advice from him . 	Room service , what can I do for you ? 
 No problem . Here it is . 	I think Yoga might be suitable for me . 
 I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan . 	Hurry up . Time is running out . 
 Actually , many Taiwanese wake up late on Sunday mornings , too . It may be a good idea for them to eat brunch instead of eating breakfast and lunch . 	Jack and Mary broke up . 
 You are a lost cause . 	I'm terribly sorry to have caused you so much trouble . 
 Phew ! . . . Wait a minute , CRASH ? ? ! ! Spyware ? Trojans ! What ? where ? when ? ! 	Oh man ! I ’ Ve been starving myself for days now and I haven ’ t lost an ounce ! 
 There were a number of them , such as Department of Literation , Department of Journalism and Communication , Department of Art Design , etc . 	Excuse me , I don't feel good right now . 
 I like spring , too.We can go for a walk and enjoy the fresh air . 	Waiter , get me rag , please . I have just spilled my wine . 
 Let me take a look . All right , that ’ s no problem . See you then . 	Did you watch the old-fashioned wrestling game last night ? 
 The public schools in the United States are free to everyone and there is no cost to the student . In most states , even the textbooks are free . There are no restrictions as to color , race , or religion.Any student wishing to attend the public schools may do so . 	Well , what did you think about the last candidate ? Do you think we should hire her ? 
 Yes , sir.Go ahead.Here you are . 	I am sorry to tell you that you failed in the job interview in our company . 
 That sounds fine . I'll bring in my passport and everything tomorrow . Thanks . 	Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ? 
 Yes , quite right . 	Hello . Front desk . 
 I see . You must have more rest . 	I want to buy a rain coat . Could you please show me one ? 
 No , thanks . 	I'd like to check in . 
 Oh , all right . I need some new shirts , too . Let ’ s go after breakfast . 	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? 
 Sounds pleasant . 	You ’ re not going to believe what happened today . You ’ Ve got to promise to keep it to yourself . 
 Yeah , falling in love is so good . 	It's four o'clock already . I hate to leave , but I think I must . 
 Thanks a lot . Sorry to trouble you . 	Hello , I'm Jack . Are you Christina ? 
 How many places have you worked altogether ? 	Dear , time is up , let ’ s go there now . 
 I ’ ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ’ ll be in touch . 	Here we are , Ryan ! This is where we're going to celebrate ! 
 Leave me ! Go away ! 	I have an issue . 
 Oh , sure . 	Happy anniversary , sweetheart ! 
 I don't think so . He only had no common sense . 	Sorry , I need a trip to the bog . 
 I think you will enjoy your journey . 	Will they send me a form telling me that I have been granted unemployment ? 
 This is just what I've been looking for . Sign me up right away , please . 	Jason Emory speaking . 
 To be fair , though , both the costumes and scenery are marvelous . 	How was the movie last night ? 
 I'll get them back right away . 	If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point on wich we differ . 
 Oh , come on ! I just gave them my e-mail , my address and my phone number . And my name , of course . 	Yes , ma'ma . May I help you with your bags ? 
 OK , I'll do them . 	Did you get a good look at the suspect ? 
 Okay , that'll be $ 6.85 with tax . 	What do people usually do on Saint Valentine's Day ? 
 Great . It was a pleasure doing business with you . 	Mary has really gotten under my skin . 
 She is a nurse . 	What do you want , Essie ? 
 It ’ s the worst thing I ’ Ve ever tried . 	Mr . Green , I ’ d like to introduce you to Mr . Brown . 
 I've done it for you . 	Hello , I was wondering if I could talk with the apartment manager . 
 That's what we're here for , the human resources help you need , when and how you need it . 	Hi ! I'm Hong lei . What's your name ? 
 Glad to hear that . 	To be frank , I find philosophy rather boring . 
 I would be happy to look at apartments with you . 	Nice to see you ; how have you been feeling lately ? 
 Too bad . 	Mr . Li , I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning . 
 Well done ! 	What would be my daily duties ? 
 I'll have a steak , medium rare . 	Good evening , I have a reservation under the name of Tomlinson . 
 You ought to complain.These machine are always out of order . 	Have you obtained any certificate of technical qualifications or license ? 
 I'm sorry but my bottom figure is $ 36,000 . 	May I take your order now ? 
 Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy . 	How long have we been flying ? 
 Thank you , sir . We look forward to serving you . 	I'm so glad I bought this watch ! 
 Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it . 	Hi , could you help me find a place where I could buy some lunch ? 
 No , I am from France . 	Do you think I should turn down his offer ? 
 Who do you think it is ? 	Currently we are looking for business opportunities in northeast China . 
 I hope so . Let me know how many will come . Then I will book the restaurant . 	First you add the washing powder then you add the clothes . 
 Here is a guiding plan . 	Hello , what can I do for you ? 
 Well , keep a low profile . 	Johnny , I can't believe you would do that . 
 Maybe I could have a try . 	Do you like plum blossoms ? 
 That's what's hanging on my mind recently . 	Good afternoon , madam . May I help you ? 
 It's really good . 	What can I offer you here ? 
 Too bad . 	David , I heard you lost your job . 
 Well , I wish you good luck ! 	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts . 
 You are welcome . 	How may I help you ? 
 That ’ s it ? Thank you very much . 	I've been thinking about getting my hair cut . 
 Alright , sir . 	Which is your preference , tea or coffee ? 
 Come on . You ’ ll feel better after we hit the showers . 	Ouch ! 
 You can have the new carpet and paint by next Monday . 	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help ! 
 Okay . 	I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise . 
 No problem . 	I am fed up with Jack . He is so weak in dealing with other people and always eats dirt . 
 My guess is you can safely wear last night ’ s outfit to tonight ’ s party . 	Hello , I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position . 
 Watch your language . 	I'm worrying that she may be lost . 
 She is a clever mother . 	Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ’ ll enjoy what you ’ Ve got . 
 You are welcome . Looking forward to seeing you again . 	Sorry , I have to rush off and catch the 9 o'clock train to Paris . 
 I'll have a go . 	Good morning , Mr Bell . How are you today ? Are you here to sort out your L / C documents ? 
 Six are compulsory , two optional . 	Can I help you ? 
 You'd better bring the diploma , identification card and several copies of your resume . 	Can I take your order now , Madam ? 
 Sure , madam . I ’ ll remind you . 	Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place . 
 No , really . I'm not in the mood for it . 	Cute ... Here . These beans are already ground . Now for step three 
 That's fine . See you there ! 	Mary , I think we should stop seeing each other . 
 Well , I would like a glass of warm water . 	Excuse me . I'm afraid I got lost . Where am I on this map ? 
 He's diving for the gold . 	I am calling to ask the position of HR manager . Could you tell me more about it ? 
 Yes , you do . 	Hello , this is Michael . I'd like to speak to Mr . Wood . 
 Give him a chance . 	I want to have this photo enlarged . 
 Hopefully we won't have any more blackouts . 	May I help you with something ? 
 Yes , everything has been well designed . 	Oh you look awful ! What ’ s the matter ? 
 Of course ... here you are . I'm sorry the pajamas didn't work out for you . 	Are you going to vote ? 
 I ’ m afraid you ’ re going in the opposite direction . 	We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . 
 I had a few coffees while I was waiting . Let's get out of here ! 	Can I take your order , sir ? 
 Dear , don ’ t worry . The police can help you . 	What did you think of the film ? 
 You're welcome . 	Hello , is this apartment management ? 
 I think that ’ s true with any of the fine arts . 	My hair stood on end when I saw the bloody scene . 
 I honestly love it . 	let's go swimming . 
 Woo . It has such a long history . I think I should take more photos of the university . 	Good morning . What's the matter with you ? 
 I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me . 	Why do all girls appear feminine after sophomore year ? 
 Sorry , that ’ s out of question . I don ’ t have a problem with it . But , unfortunately , the building doesn ’ t allow it . It ’ s a building regulation . 	Besides salary what kind of allowance can I expect ? 
 Call us as soon as you get home . 	You are an eager beaver . 
 Suppose you want to find a book by your professor , William Smith . You'd look under SMITH and then WILLIAM . Since that's very common name , you may have to go through several ' William Smith ' until you come to the one who wrote book on the subject you are interested in . 	Hello , Mary . Nice day , isn't it ? 
 Hurry up ! The smile is frozen on my face . 	Where will it be ? 
 See you ! 	Hello , this is Steven . Is that Mrs.Wang ? I'm just calling to follow up about the status of the personnel manager position . 
 It is . I hope you ’ ll have time to come for a visit soon . You really should come during the summer , when the weather is better and there ’ s more happening outdoors . 	Cindy , I have this room to myself ? 
 I'm sorry . 	What did you major in ? 
 Sounds great . Thank you for your hospitality . 	It's a beautiful day ! Let's play on those rides in the park . 
 Thank you . Please bring us a bottle of dry white wine . 	Hello , can I help you ? 
 No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . But some work . 	Hello , Elizabeth . How are you ? 
 Many people , many tastes . She looks pretty , but the way she speaks gives you goose bumps . I feel sick of it . 	Operator . Can I help you ? 
 All right . When can I start ? 	Don't I know you ? 
 This one I'd better chat with the manager . Could you give me a second ? 	Hello , this is Mr . Smith in Room 502 . Please send up a bellboy . I'm checking out . What time is checking out time ? 
 His nose is out of joint because we forgot to invite him to the party . 	I heard that Kevin got divorced . Is that true ? 
 You too.Thanks for dropping in . 	May I help you ? 
 OK . 	Welcome . How can we be of service today ? 
 Thank you , David . 	That's right . Once the contract with Stars.com is final , we'll deal with Zina . 
 That's great , exactly what I need to know . Thanks . 	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? 
 That's alright . Here you are . 	We have the orientation this afternoon . 
 Can we go to the Carlton next time and can you wear that fabulous suit ? 	You received a letter in the mail . 
 bye ! 	Do you know the highest mountain in the world ? 
 That's a good idea . I think we will soon come to a solution to the problem . 	Do you have any direct flights to Toronto ? 
 But I can't resist a good dinner . 	Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . 
 You are right . My mum must be crazy . 	It's a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 I would too . 	Hello , Mrs . Taylor . I'm here to pick up Diane . 
 So far , less than 20 people have died , but over 100 are in hospital . 	Mr Moon , how good to see you again . 
 Remember that you are in college now , not high school . 	Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? 
 Thank you very much . I am sure good rest will do indeed . I don ’ t have this too often . 	Long Distance . May I help you ? 
 Come on ! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves . 	Good morning , madam . I think I'm lost here . The place I want to go to is a hotel called the Hilton . 
 I am so sorry about that . It was just a slip of the tongue . 	William told you that his grandmother is sick , huh ? What exactly did he say ? 
 Maybe not , but I advice you to say it was your fault . 	Do you like flowers ? 
 Our profit margin is in the neighborhood of 20 % . 	Good afternoon . Lotus Catering Company . Lilian speaking . May I help you ? 
 That'll be five yuan forty , please . 	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting . 
 Very well , I will . 	Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat . 
 All right . Just wait a minute , OK ? 	Dad , where are we off to ? 
 That's fine . I want to pay in cash . Here is the money . 	What can I do for you , Madam ? 
 I think so . Because I've taken one to improve my oral English during summer vacation . 	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines . 
 Point taken . Hopefully one day , we'll live in an interplanetary society . 	Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family . 
 Oh , I know . Thank you . 	I am checking out . Here is the key to my room . 
 Oh , I'm glad to hear that . Would you kindly send it to the Hilton Hotel ? 	Do you mind if I get a lift in your car , please ? 
 But I think a master degree is good enough for a girl . 	Merry Christmas ! 
 No , they didn't . The chairman said he would send a memo to all managers by the end of this week informing them of the date of the next meeting . 	How is your computer skill ? 
 Good ! 	Good morning . Are you ready to order ? 
 Thanks , I appreciate that ! 	Is the table free ? 
 Don ’ t worry . I ’ ll help you eat it . 	I was anxious to find out what the sellers had to say about my counter-offer . 
 I know doctor , thank you so much . 	Who are those guys ? 
 All right . Let's go to the square to have a look . 	What are you doing to your house ? 
 Certainty , sir . 	Hello , are you Chinese ? 
 Thanks for your help . 	We need to elect club officials before the summer starts . 
 Thank you very much . 	Can I help you ? 
 Is the pay good ? 	In China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people . 
 Ten yuan for each kilogram.You ' ll have to pay 250 yuan for the excess baggage . 	I can't believe it , I had faith in Bob and he let me down . 
 Really ? That is amazing . 	I'm looking for some lipsticks . Do you still have some in peach rose ? 
 Yay ! 	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? 
 I see . How do I draw money from my news then . 	... And now , let ’ s go to Kenny Williams for today ’ s weather forecast . 
 Yeah . They suit each other . A perfect match between a man and a girl . 	Excuse me , are you Jane ? 
 OK , thanks . 	Do you mind if I ask you to practice speaking English with me ? 
 I have a lot of work in the office and a lot of chores in the house.How I envy you , Robin ! 	What does she do ? 
 No , thanks . I'm just looking . 	I heard you want to apply for the position as a foreign bank staff member , is it true ? 
 Thank you . 	What do you think of the most important things to do when running a business ? 
 Why , of course . Let's see ... White ... Pale yellow . Here you are , sir . 	Hello , this is David . 
 His family will be pleased to hear that . They must have been so worried . 	Are you all right ? 
 Sure . 	I feel pity for the old man . 
 I'm going to go hiking . Do you want to join me ? 	It sure is hot . Why don't we go in the Haunted House ? At least it will be air conditioned . 
 Goodbye until then . I promise you that you'll do well after we meet . 	I would like to make a reservation for tomorrow . 
 And I've never heard such good sound in a game . 	How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? 
 But I don't think much of it . 	I really need to apply for a driving permit . 
 You must feel very uneasy at his home . 	Where to , ma'am ? 
 Happy birthday to you ! I'd really love to come , but I'm not sure right now . I'll try to make it.Thank you for your invitation . 	What do you think of smoking ? 
 You ’ re kidding ! I ’ m on ! Where do I sign up ? 	Sorry . I've got to run . 
 Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % . 	Say , Jim , how about going for a few beers after dinner ? 
 Great . Let's go . 	Who wants to go first ? Allen ? 
 Because of atomic cocktail and other medicines , all of them have the side effect . she has lost all her hair . 	Are you free tonight ? 
 Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things . 	How ’ s it going ? 
 You are welcome . Goodbye . 	Did you hear ? The state is thinking of legalizing gambling in our city ! Soon we are gonna have amazing hotels and casinos here which will be good for our business ! 
 Don't mention it . 	May I help you ? 
 The pleasure is mine . 	Can I get you something to drink ? 
 I ’ ll call my friend now . you call yours . 	What's wrong with the photocopier ? 
 I guess that does sound a lot healthier . 	Hey , John ! What do you think are the main causes of war today ? 
 Okay , I will take it into consideration . 	Can I ask a favor of you ? 
 I know . I will pay attention to such a thing next time . 	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not . 
 I'm sorry to say I'm not familiar with processing management information , but I'm sure I could learn quite quickly.It can't be too difficult , and I've got a quick mind . I can handle any problem you give me . 	I have been having a lot of headaches lately . 
 Yes , but do you think there is eternal love in the world ? 	Okay , next question . If Eric asked you out on a date , what would you say ? 
 All right . 	Good morning , Loans . 
 I agree . People who don't read are no better often people who can't read . I also agree that books are like food for the mind . 	I would back him up to the hilt anyway . 
 You're right . 	Look , all you do is press that button and it ’ s ready to use . 
 I'll call again in thirty minutes . 	IBA , how can I help ? 
 Thanks , Mom ! 	Hi , Charlie ! What are you reading ? 
 Thank you very much . 	How much is this ? 
 Goodbye . 	Catherine , have you ever seen the movie Fast Food Nation ? 
 No , it's just that it's a holiday . With everyone out partying , there's a lot of drunk driving . 	How do you think about our boss ? 
 Well , give us a call if there's anything more we can help you with . 	How's your new work , Carl ? 
 We put many signs with English translations for foreign visitors . 	Look , there are some words on the fish . 
 I'll try to read one . 	Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt . 
 What a pity . 	Excuse me , are these deck chairs free ? 
 I have confidence in them . 	My wife and I are thinking about taking our parents with us on a vacation . Do you have any suggestion about where to go ? 
 I appreciate your help . 	You say your products are aimed at the green consumer . In what ways are they environmentally-friendly ? 
 All right , I will start working now . 	oh , the clothes here are so expensive ! No wonder there are few people . 
 Thank you . 	When we get paid for this assignment , you get US $ 2 , TOO , and I get US $ 3,000 . 
 Can I get a relaxer , too ? And why did you say , “ You crazy ” instead of “ You ou're crazy ” ? 	What game do you like ? 
 Oh , I think I should try to read one . 	Excuse me . Mr . Li . May I ask you some questions ? 
 Oh , yeah , they get to be in a movie for the whole world to see ! 	Do you carry black ink ? 
 yes , but with our sense we'll always look good . 	May I order some cable from you today ? 
 What ! 	I'm so tired ! I don't know how I'm going to make it through this lecture . 
 Right . We'll choose the 4 best candidates and have them come back for a second interview . The top one of them will be the one we will hire . 	Hello , what can I do for you today ? 
 I am so glad we met one another . 	Has the train come yet ? 
 Sure , here you go . 	Mom , have we got any cookies ? 
 Sir , only your mother wants to please you more than we do . 	What a busy week ! 
 Sure . Why don ’ t you sit down for a minute ? You haven ’ t taken a rest all morning . 	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down . 
 I agree . We need to recycle our trash and use public transportation more often . 	Hi , do you know what ’ s for dinner ? I ’ m starving . 
 How should I know ? It's not my responsibility . 	do you mind if I sit here ? 
 Right away , sir . 	Hello.Is this ABC Rent-a-car Company ? 
 Come on . Cheer up ! 	Yeah , I ’ Ve just moved here , and I ’ d like to activate my cell phone , and I ’ m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan . 
 That's a good idea ! 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 It is a bit expensive . But it is worth buying one's favorite . I will take them . 	You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment . 
 No wonder you say English is a crazy language . 	How do you think people get their personalities ? 
 Thanks . 	Hong , I really need to call back to the UK but I can ’ t afford to pay for the roaming charges . 
 Yeah , that would make things a lot easier . 	What's that ? 
 10:30 . I'll pick you up at the hotel at 10:00 . : 10:30 . 	Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ? 
 That's a good idea , to familiarise myself with it . Then , I'll be back if we decide to go ahead . 	I'm going to the store downtown this afternoon to try on my wedding dresses . 
 See you ! 	Do you have a minute ? 
 now we get along very well . It makes me feel that I'm someone special . 	Good morning . Could you tell me the times of trains to London , please ? 
 I would like that . Thank you . 	We'd like some local-flavored pastry . Can you recommend some ? 
 Good luck to them . 	This is my friend Jenny . 
 Yeah , I will be there . 	Hey , don ’ t walk on the lawn . 
 No , I don't like action movies because I'm cultured ! 	Excuse me , miss . I don't think we need the MP4 any more . We would like to refund it . 
 Enjoy your stay . 	Hey Michael . Where are you going ? 
 That ’ s a good idea . I ’ m really looking forward to redoing my bedroom . 	How much was your watch ? 
 Thank you , Mr . Brown . I really appreciate your assistance . 	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? 
 No , I haven't . 	OK . Come back into the classroom , class . 
 We hope that you are feeling better soon . E-mail me if you have any questions . 	I heard that Ann had divorced . 
 most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the words so there are lots of very expensive places . 	Peter , I hope you will accept my quotation for the air freshener . 
 My roommate's having a party . 	Dental clinic . This is Mr . Adams . 
 OK ! Thank you very much ! 	Our major is from a bigger city . 
 Great . Let's talk over coffee . 	Would you like to order now , madam ? 
 No problem . See you next Monday . 	I'd like to have steak and a beer . 
 We'll contact you soon , Tom . Thanks for coming in . 	Do you eat a lot of fruit and vegetables in you country ? 
 Let me see . Yeah , all right . I ’ ll be over about two . 	Do you know who Ammo Hung is ? 
 That's very good . 	Excuse me , but could you tell me if this bus goes to the National History Museum ? 
 You are welcome . 	Are you going abroad to study ? 
 Yes , all the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy . 	Could I have the check , please ? 
 I downloaded it so that I didn't have to remember to return it . 	Hurry up ! Mom , I can't wait any more . 
 Seventy-six , I think . 	What's the problem ? You don't look happy . 
 Ha ! Ha ! If you don ’ t make an effort now , later on it ’ ll be a lot tougher for you . 	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ? 
 Not yet . 	Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old Mc Donald . 
 I noticed they've taken our radio and left the television . 	Three other people started to bid . One called himself Buddhabuyer , so I knew he meant business . I raised my bid twice , but it kept going up . 
 Yes , we have various sauces . What about the gravy ? 	Hello . May I speak to Mary , please ? 
 It depends . In some poor , underdeveloped areas , children's education is a problem . Many kids cannot afford to go to school . 	Hey , Robert , what are you doing this weekend ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I'm sorry . Is that bicycle yours ? 
 Do you want me to put in a good word for you ? 	Do you have any luggage ? 
 You have the right to remain silent . 	Cindy . We were going to try to surprise you for your birthday . But you ’ re just too busy ! Can you tell me when you ’ ll be free ? 
 I live at No . 50 Xingu Street . 	Hello , jewelry department . How may I help you ? 
 Clear soup . I think tomato soup is fine . 	I'm worried sick that she will leave me tomorrow . 
 That was great . Thanks for taking me driving . 	I wonder if I can ask you a question . 
 Let me see . Yes , they are perfectly matched ! 	Someone ’ s told me behind closed door that he is very hot-tempered . 
 I am glad you can study something you really like ! 	What's this city famous for ? 
 OK , sir . I'll do my best . 	I hear you are planning to travel abroad . 
 No problem . 	Give these sales figures a look . It's pretty depressing . We're way in the red this year . We can't afford to keep going like this for much longer . 
 See you then ! 	What can I help you with today ? 
 Don't worry . Everything will be fine . 	How are you doing today ? 
 Thanks . 	Bob , look at this sentence . ' Healthy eating is not about strict nutrition philosophies , staying unrealistically thin , or depriving yourself of foods you love . ' It's interesting , isn't it ? 
 No , I'm a nurse . 	Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ? 
 Thank you very much . 	How time flies ! 
 I hope this doesn't happen again . 	Let's program your courses , since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your english background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it . 
 OK . Here are your robes . You can go shower first . 	I wonder if you can help me . I'm looking for a room . 
 We ’ re planning a June wedding , but we haven ’ t picked a date yet . 	I'm frustrated . 
 Of course , Sir . 	What kind of a car do you have ? 
 Me , too . 	Brooke , are you still mad ? Is your mom mad ? 
 I ’ ll get started on it now . 	Excuse me . Check please . 
 Wow ! You're right ! This refrigerator is great . I'll take it . 	Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house . 
 Just a moment , please . I'll check for you . 	Tony , could you tell me if there are any special rules about the job ? 
 That's really convenient . 	Have you heard about Anlesen David ? 
 The machine shows it to be counterfeit . You'll need to fill in this form and I'll give you a receipt to show the money has been confiscated . 	Excuse me . 
 I like the novels of Inches very much , I have reading almost all of them in Chinese translation , I wish i can reading them in the original . 	They are playing the wedding march , and I have felt tears . 
 I'm sorry , but I can't . 	which countries have you been to ? 
 So I don't think you'll have a problem finding another girlfriend . There are plenty of fish in the sea ! 	What seems to be the problem ? 
 Because he'll tell Mary and that will cause us problems . 	Where are you studying and what's your major ? 
 All right . Wait a minute . 	Excuse me ! Are you Bart Simpson from Western Electronics ? 
 You too . 	I like hitchhiking.will you go with me ? 
 Thank you . 	Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ? 
 Thank God ! 	But how did you know I was working for WebTracker ? 
 I see . Please fill out this form . And you need to contact your embassy or consulate to report it as soon as possible . 	Hey , look at my new shirt . What do you think about it ? 
 Cash , please . 	What do you think of doctor Thompson ? 
 No wonder you say English is a crazy language . 	Would you like to have some icecream ? I've got a variety of flavors for you to choose from . I've got strawberry , peach , chocolate , coffee , vanilla and praline . 
 Oh , yeah , two beers . 	Hey , Lily ! You won't believe what happened in class today ! 
 Uh huh ... but we're going to have to cut back on our shopping from now on . 	Hi , Paulo . How are things going ? 
 Oh , yes , I would ! 	How do you choose which companies to work with ? 
 It's better for you . 	Did you hear who won the election ? 
 Then you can try some local products.They ' re also of good quality . 	I wish you would not be so selfish . 
 What a nuisance ! 	I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off . 
 That'll be fine . See you soon . 	Is the lake very polluted ? 
 I'd love to , but I'm afraid I can't . 	So , now we have covered all the important points . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Red restaurant . Do you want to make a reservation ? 
 I'm not sure . Let me give a call to find out . 	Well , you know what , don ’ t do it , ‘ cause the minute you do , they lose all respect for you . 
 Cheers ! 	What are you doing this weekend ? 
 Trust me . 	Good morning , Madam , can I take your order now ? 
 OK . I will follow your advice . 	John , I'm sorry , the air tickets for the International Day are sold out . 
 I'll have that too . 	Hi , is that Jessica ? 
 Back to live with my parents.That ' s something else I used to do before we were married.Remember ? 	Oh , no . We ’ re going to be late for the meeting . 
 I ’ m an engineer . 	Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you ? 
 No . And on the contrary , I feel young , fresh and energetic . 	Good morning , Mary ! 
 Thank you for understanding . I promise I ’ ll make it up to you . 	Where are you from ? 
 Thank you . 	Do you know Yahoo Greetings , Edgar ? 
 I can tell it from your build . 	I haven't danced for a long time . 
 Go easy . Overwork is bad for your health . 	Francis , what ’ s that ? 
 Yes , I did . I had a fine time . 	How's it going ? 
 Yes , Mr . Hammer . 	So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? 
 Yes . It is really a place of interest and we have the direct flight everyday . 	After you 
 You ’ re a real friend in need . 	Welcome , Ron , come on in ! 
 If I survive the next six months . 	Rose , is this you ? 
 Oh look ! Here it comes now ! 	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? 
 No , I'm afraid that's it . 	Hi , Craig ! How are you ? 
 Ha , ha ! Those days are long gone . 	I'm checking out now . Can I have my bill , please ? 
 You fiend . It's about the flavor , not the fix . Why don't you just crush some caffeine pills and start doing lines ? 	Is that true ? 
 Here it is . We are pleased to serve you here and we look forward to seeing you again . Wish you have a good day . 	How'd you like to go on a bungee jump this weekend ? 
 That's settled then . I'll contact you later . 	It looks delicious . I will order it . 
 Ar ! Dad , the power went out . 	So how much should I gamble ? 
 Only in this way can you leave the interviewer a good impression and achieve success . 	When can I have your firm C . I . F . prices , that is to say , the final offer , Mr . London ? 
 Very well , consider me gone . 	When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say . 
 Honey , just turn down the stove . 	What's your email address ? 
 OK . 	What ’ s wrong ? 
 You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule . 	Susan , I haven't seen you in the pub for a long time . 
 I'm afraid no.It is not covered by this insurance . 	This is my first trip to Hong Kong , and I'd like to see some of the city's sights . 
 That's fine . I'm looking forward to it . 	Room service . Can I help you ? 
 Just one second , and I'll give you the batteries that are on sale . 	What's up , officer ? 
 That's fine . See you then . 	Why do you want to take the police to court ? 
 No problem . Do you have any cash on you ? I don ’ t think I have enough . 	Thank you for your visit to our company . I'd like to make an introduction for you . Is there anything in particular you'd like to know ? 
 But I have been so busy all these days.Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one . 	All of you have reported your achievements . I'd like to remind you that we must be aware of the threat we face . 
 Everyone's attention , please . We are going to take off . Please fasten your belts . 	Doctor , may I ask my mother ’ s condition ? 
 Don't mention it . 	How have you been doing ? 
 Oh , the electric company , gas company and water company ! 	Boy ! What a beauty ! I fall in love with her at the first sight . 
 Face the reality . Maybe we can find the way to make up the loss . 	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps . 
 Maybe you are right . 	Well , I've got to go . See you later . 
 Certainly . I'll be back right away . 	how long will it take us to drive to London ? 
 That ’ s all . 	Would you be willing to meet the extra cost if we meet your additional requirements ? 
 Okay-bye ! Have a nice Christmas . 	Where's Bill ? The ambassador is already here . The meeting is set to start at 9 am . 
 As long as you don ’ t overdo it , a glass of wine a day should be OK . 	So , who do you work for ? 
 Yes . I ’ d be delighted if you did . 	I ’ m Miss Sherman . What seems to be the problem ? 
 OK . That's a deal . 	Don't tell me you're pregnant again . 
 I hope it will stay fine tomorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family . 	Is there any more vodka in that bottle ? 
 Fine , see you then . 	Today is the old couple ’ s golden wedding . 
 Oh , I see . 	What's the weather forecast for today ? 
 But there won't be anything good left . 	Trina , will you marry me ? 
 No problem . Say ' cheese ' . That's good . Please wait a moment . 	Well , this apartment is really a must-see . Will you come with me to look at it this weekend ? 
 I'm quite sure . I've always loved working with children . 	Both Bob and carl will become somebody in the future.Don ' t you think so ? 
 Maybe you're right . But I'm still worried . 	Excuse me , Mr . Li . I have something to discuss with you . 
 If you happen to find one , please bargain with the owner for it . I'd like to have one . It's interesting to see the integration of the Han and Mongolian cultures on this small piece of metal . 	Where is Tom ? 
 It's still early . 	You have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend ? 
 I couldn't agree with you . 	So Emily , what do you like to do for fun ? 
 I agree with you , but you know how old-fashioned the elders are . 	Hello , Is this room service ? 
 She is really something . 	Hello , this is Wang Lu and I am calling to confirm my reservation . 
 Absolutely . That set it off big time ! 	Would you please put that cigarette out ? I get sick on it . 
 Yes , don't use the lifts . We have regular fire drills so you'll soon become familiar with the procedure . And always shut the fire doors to prevent the fire spreading . 	Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please ? 
 Thank you . That would be great . 	Sorry . The car breaks down and it needs to be repaired . 
 Yes . I tried skiing on grass before . Not very good at it , though . 	Hi , Sarah . The results of questionnaire have come out . We need to discuss it together then write a research report . 
 All right . 	What a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 Yes , that's possible . 	Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ? 
 I ’ m sure I ’ ll like it here . 	I hope we could offer the most favorable terms . 
 Enjoy your day off and don't forget to study ! 	You'll love this . It's a chick drink . 
 Well , that explains it . I've been using my old PIN number ! Thanks for explaining everything to me . 	How do you like your job here , Linda ? 
 Oh , I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet . 	Hello again . What can I do for you today ? 
 Yes , we'll need to fill in this form , for fund trading and this one , for subscribing for and / or applying for purchasing fund units . The minimum is 500 RIB . 	Our current apartment is valued at RIB 700,000 . We can sell it and put that money towards buying the new apartment . 
 Where to ? 	Hi , Monica , I am afraid I can ’ t make it to the office to punch out . 
 Right , I'll contact my guarantor now and we'll come in within the next couple of days . Thanks very much for your help . Goodbye . 	John Li's Office , this is Jenny , may I help you ? 
 I ’ m really sorry , Mr . Samuel . I really don ’ t remember that . 	Hi , Jone , how are you ? 
 You might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size that I am now ! 	What sort of job would you like to take ? 
 Of course , madam . 	Hello ! My name is Sandals , I have a reservation . 
 Come on ! It is really a fun game . 	Where is the produce ? 
 Hope it was worth it . 	I love her so much , you know . I want to be alone . Please keep quiet . 
 All right . Now you can take your case away . 	Julie , is that you ? 
 Can I have the ticket , please ? 	Good evening , madam . May I help you ? 
 Yes , please . Thank you . 	Do you like a package tour or to travel alone ? 
 I'll just go and check for you . 	I need a pan . 
 God it . Thans very much . 	I don't stand a chance of passing the exam . 
 If you have any more laundry , please just leave it in the laundry bag behind the bathroom door . The laundryman comes to collect it every morning . 	How dare you accuse me of stealing your computer ? 
 So the other party could be across the world or just on the other side of the street ! 	Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out . 
 I have no idea . 	I really enjoyed tonight's party . Thank you , Sarah . 
 That'll be $ 4 . 25 ... ( The customer gives her a 5 dollar bill . ) ... out of five . Here is your change , sir . Have a nice day . 	Have you applied for you visa to go to study in the united states yet ? 
 That ’ s OK . 	Hello . May I help you ? 
 That's true , but then you have to buy a record player . 	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is . 
 That ’ s it for today . 	Would you like a lift home ? 
 Oh , the policeman's coming . 	Well , we didn't ask for this room service maybe someone else ask it , I ’ m sure . 
 It's no problem at all . 	A beautiful center ! 
 If you are better , but I doubt you will be . 	Good afternoon . May I help you ? 
 Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case . 	How have you been ? 
 Sometimes I think Oscars are only awarded to movies that make a lot of money . 	Hi , Daniel , how are you holding up ? I am greatly sorry for your loss . 
 Fine , then ! If that ’ s the way you feel , so be it . But you ’ re losing out on a great opportunity here . I ’ m going to go hit up Mum for the cash . 	Do you have any questions ? 
 I thought they had already agreed to everything . That ’ s going to take weeks to rework . 	Hello , Jim . Where are you going ? 
 Let's just hope it doesn't get hotter . 	Excuse me , is this the right counter for express mail ? 
 Well . In that case , we will have to go to another restaurant . Thank you all the same . 	What's your weight . 
 Well , thanks anyway . 	Dam it , I'm running out of money again , I really need to balance my budget and handle my money better . 
 Some relative documents will be needed and the fee may be quite dear . So you need to learn more about the process and regulations about this issue . 	Mom , I've got something to tell you . 
 Goodbye . Hope to see you again . 	Mary , you have found several companies that are hiring , right ? 
 Wo , wo , that certainly is a lot for a young man to take on . 	Please fill out the form . 
 Sure . Meet me at five . 	how was school today , Dominic ? 
 And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years ! 	Peter , wash your hands first , and then have some dessert . 
 I've learnt a lot about business knowhow . I got to know what kind of knowledge was needed in my future work . 	Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow ? 
 that's what everyone says ! I can't wait to see it for myself some day . 	Excuse me . I want to pay the bill . 
 Not just today . Go exercise everyday ! 	Excuse me . 
 Yeah . Let's just lounge around ! 	What do you think of Frank ? 
 No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal . 	Let ’ s meet before next week ’ s meeting , Jane . I want to kick around some ideas with you . 
 No , I'll discuss the business with him at hotel . 	I would appreciate it if you could go to the store for me . 
 Yes . Thank you very much . Mr . Yang . 	You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights . 
 Sure , welcome anytime 	Hi , the lab said that you would be getting my test results in today . 
 OK . 	Are you OK ? 
 Not me . You know money always burns a hole in my pocket . 	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ? 
 OK . I'll take it . 	Hi . Can I help you with anything ? 
 Hopefully signing up for this Network Settlement Service will solve all of that . If you are sure , we can go ahead now , Sir . How does 10 am tomorrow sound , to get all of the paperwork out of the way ? 	Hello.Is Bob there , please ? 
 Please wait a minute , sir . 	John , could you come to my office ? I need to talk to you . 
 Yes , I do . 	Hi , Betty ! Where's your boyfriend ? 
 You're right.Make - up can only disguise my age , but exercise may delay it . 	I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth . 
 That's weird ! 	I'm going for a walk , Yi-jun . I need some time to myself . 
 Yes , people just seem to drift apart . 	Do you take in students ? I've been told you might have a vacant room . 
 Thank you.here ' s 10 $ , just give me 1 $ back , please . 	Come in and sit down . 
 Your total is forty three dollars and twenty cents . 	My friend Jean is very beautiful . 
 That sounds great . I'll take them . 	Wow ! So many students crowded in . More than I excepted , we are lucky to arrive in hour earlier . Or else we definedly have problems to getting good seats . 
 Excellent . Well , what other questions do you have Rebecca ? 	We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ? 
 That's possible , Bill.But the price would have to have been a lot lower , like around fifty cents per unit . 	May I ask a question ? 
 OK ! I will try this . 	Good afternoon . 
 I will try my best . 	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... 
 I'm glad you enjoyed it . 	Which one of them is Marys brother ? 
 No , I might have a soup if it ’ s a cold winter day . 	I will have sole then . 
 Bring me a bottle of beer . 	Have you received any degrees ? 
 That's a problem . 	Hah ! For three hours while you threw up . And Femi dumped me for that . I really loved her . 
 That's great . Thank you so much . 	Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Good morning , Sue . 
 One of my relatives told me that your company needs someone who can speak English . That's just the job that I have been looking for 	Are you alright , child ? 
 You ’ re right . 	George , did you remember to buy the book ? 
 No problem . 	Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ? 
 For a local call , just insert 35 cents in the slot and use it in the same way as your home phone . Inquiries are free from a public phone . 	Shogun Restaurant of Pasadena . 
 She's not good at remembering things . We have a date , and she's an hour late ! ! 	What is this eviction notice for ? 
 OK . Hope you feel better soon . You should take it easy . I ’ m sure the doctor will prescribe rest , you know . 	Hi , what brings you to my office today ? 
 Thanks . 	pompous . How may I help you ? 
 Sorry . I'm afraid you couldn't . 	Excuse me , but is this dress on sale ? 
 I'll be with you in a minute . 	Did you know that drinking beer helps you sing better ? 
 I see myself in a management position . 	My uncle passed away last night . 
 What's the rush ? 	Is the new computerised stock system in operation ? 
 Yes , but I don't like the story . 	Thank you for coming so quickly . 
 To hell with you . 	Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ? 
 yes , it's one of my hobbies . 	It sounds like Bob's getting out of bed . 
 Thanks . 	How about drink , Sir ? 
 Nope , sorry ! Actually , Robin Williams has never won an Oscar for Best Actor--only for Best Supporting Actor ! 	I can ’ t decide what to do today . 
 Are you ready for the cross country of a lifetime ? 	I heard through the grapevine that Michael probably become the new sales manager . 
 I'll dig out the Frisbee and my kite from Taiwan . 	What do you like to do in your spare time ? 
 Aright . I'll talk to you later . 	Hey , Mike . Can I ask you something ? 
 But I'm not fat enough to enter that contest . 	Jack , do say good-bye for me to the host . I've got to run . 
 It's already on sale now . 	My goodness.She is thirty seconds faster than the world records in five thousand meters race . 
 Be confident . Wear styles you ’ re going to be comfortable in . 	There are lots of new teachers in our class this semester . 
 Aspirin . 	Are you done ? 
 If you can remember that red means absolutely no parking and white means that you can only load and unload , you are going to be OK . 	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ? 
 OK . I will go in no time . 	Excuse me . What time does the next bus for Boston leave ? 
 OK , thank you . 	Mom , look ! My first piggy bank and it still has money in it ! 
 Thank you . 	I need to pay the fine on my ticket . 
 I won't . 	Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Hello , and welcome to IBA . Which service do you require ? 
 Ok . 	What kind of job do you think I should get ? 
 I'm really sick of you . 	I'd like to send this parcel to Spain , please . 
 Of course , no list of film would be complete without animated movies . These are especially popular among children . 	I ’ d like to have this cashed , please . 
 He is out of luck . 	Which sports are popular in your country ? 
 I agree with you . 	I am trying to decide what school to apply to ? 
 That's right . Thank you . 	Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ’ re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title . 
 it certainly is . 	Is there a bus that'll go all the way to Sons from PHS ? 
 Oh , let's hope so . 	How are the children doing at sport ? 
 It's a secret . 	Hello , 332440 . 
 I am sorry to say I haven't , but I have taken many other courses that concerns the PR , such as Social Psychology , Public Affairs and Mass Communication . 	Let's decide what to order . 
 We ’ Ve got four more games . I hope we can win all of them . 	that was a great dinner . I didn't know that you knew how yo cook . 
 Yes , of course . It's really worth visiting . 	Excuse me , can I deposit valuables here ? 
 No , that's all . 	Hello , receptionist ? 
 That's right.The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more.It ' s stop is round the corner . 	Yuck . The carrots taste awful and salty . Hi sis , how do you like them ? 
 OK . Come with me , please . 	What do you think are the main causes of war today ? 
 Ah , Canberra is the capital city . But is not the biggest city . Sydney is the biggest city . Canberra was made sort of by the politicians so Sydney wouldn't get to crowded . It's a separate territory . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 OK , sir . Here you are . There is a one-year warranty . 	Hello , Arthur . What seems to be the problem ? 
 Thank you , Ma ’ am . 	I ’ Ve decided to go to the cinema alone this evening . 
 I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . I'd like to postpone that discussion until later . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position and how your commission structure works . 	What reasons do westerners drink for ? 
 That ’ s right , once a week . Do you want to order some pizza ? 	That'll be eight dollars , please . 
 I see . But Jane . He ’ s not worth your sorrow and you should restart your new life . 	Room service.May I come in ? 
 Well ! I guess people don ’ t find him so peculiar anymore . 	Could you tell me the right time , please ? 
 David , stop dreaming . It ’ s time to do your homework . 	What shall we do after the volleyball match ? 
 OK . No problem . 	I am tired of everything in my life . 
 I bought an exercise dress yesterday and I found it was hard to dress it up . 	Hey , Tom . You look tired . Are you all right ? 
 That's all thank you . 	Can I help you ? 
 That shouldn't be a problem . 	I have difficulty with this form . Will you please explain it to me ? 
 I'll take it . 	What ’ s your major weak point ? 
 Yes . Shall I get one for you ? Just push the button over there if you need anything . 	I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted . 
 You're welcome . 	Hello ? 
 Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today . 	Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ? 
 that's perfect . I'll let him know tomorrow . Thanks ! 	Hello , how can I help ? 
 Thank you for your honesty . I assure you there will be no cockroaches next time . 	Would you talk to me about taking one of Dr . Miller's classes ? 
 I'm in the Personnel Department . 	I visited the famous variety show host , Dennis . 
 Oh dear , we will miss our train . 	Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? 
 Let me see . I am sorry , sir . We will change another one for you . Please wait a moment . 	How will you ship the order ? 
 That's great ! Thank you very much . 	Did you find everything ok today ? 
 Thank you . 	Can you please give me a hand ? I can ’ t carry the heavy box . 
 Maybe it's just a blessing in disguise . I've been wanting to try a new place anyway . 	Dou you think I should join a basketball team , Mary ? 
 Bye . 	Guess what ! 
 keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it . 	How much is the postage for this postcard to China ? 
 Well . I ’ m sorry you feel that way . 	I quit my job . 
 Really ? That's wonderful ! 	Hello , I would like to apply for a permit . 
 I'm sorry , we cannot make corrections on these . You'll have to bring another one with the correct amount , I'm afraid . 	What is the best place to park ? 
 Thank you and goodbye . 	What's that book you have under your arm ? 
 Well , I don't think I want it . 	Um , which of them is the better typist ? 
 Ok , let's do that , even though we may have to take a longer way . 	Hi Linda , this is Todd . 
 Okay , you get your funny one and I'll get my beautiful one . 	So how long have you known Mary ? 
 Well , if you ever need help with an extension , you can dial O . 	Hello , I ’ d like a return to Xi ’ an please . 
 I ’ m sorry ? ! 	How do you feel ? 
 Yes ! The first time I saw her I knew we would fall in love . 	Hello , how are you doing today ? 
 Yes and maybe a jacket in case it gets cool . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 That would be lovely . But now let's go and get a drink . 	I heard many stories about your brother . 
 Don't worry . You'll do fine . 	May I help you ? 
 Thanks then Sally . Goodbye . 	What's the chef's specialty ? 
 Your document will be ready in about ten minutes . 	How was the movie last night ? 
 But he's equally responsible because he tried to overtake you . 	How did you first meet Jack each other ? 
 I think I ’ d like to do that . I could take the things I learn here back to my country when I have finished my studies . 	What dances do you like ? 
 Our personnel clerk will screen all the resumes that we receive , select the eligible ones and arrange the interview for them . 	Hello , Mr . Brown , long time no see . Where have you been ? 
 I don't know exactly . It's a tradition . Maybe it's for sanitary reasons . 	I am having a hard time at my job . 
 Thank you ! 	Are you ready for your big interview tomorrow ? 
 Well , I work very long hours , ten hours a day is quite normal . And if something important comes up , I ’ m often in the office until 8 or 9 in the evening . 	Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda . 
 No problem . 	I need some flowers for my girlfriend . 
 OK , but make sure that everything is back by Sunday night at the latest . 	I really admire you , Diana . 
 I should take the taller one for the choice . 	You look run down , Brian . 
 That ’ s just the short in the arm we need . 	What ’ s the matter , dear ? 
 This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back ! 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute . 	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ? 
 Definitely . I really like Italian food . 	Would you mind going to dinner with me tonight ? 
 So quick and easy ! Thanks very much . 	Hey Mike . I forgot about registration . I'm a day late , so all the classes are mostly full . What do you think I should do ? 
 Someone will be up shortly with your order , sir . 	Hello ! How are you . 
 You ’ re right . Everything is probably going to come to a head tonight . I ’ ll keep you informed . 	Jason , it's your turn . 
 you might not believe this , but I used to be twice the size than I am now ! 	What happened to John ? 
 Yes , sir , it's $ 20 . 	Come on , fellows . Let's enjoy my wife's cooking ! 
 Sorry , I'm very near sighted . 	I am very proud of John . 
 That would be perfect , thank you . 	Have you gone bowling before ? 
 She went over the edge after her son was killed in an accident . 	Can I try this lipstick ? 
 Alright . See you later . 	Are you going to vote on Tuesday ? 
 Goodbye . 	He has a girlfriend already . 
 Well , you ’ d better get another pair for work at least or you ’ re sacking on the spot . 	May I help you ? 
 Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges . 	What a nice tie you are wearing ! 
 He must be green . It ’ s lucky that we will get off soon . 	Something's wrong with my computer . 
 Are you trying to change our eating patterns ? 	Mrs . Sue ? 
 So long as you learn from your mistakes . 	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances . 
 Sure , why not ? 	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations . 
 I'm glad to hear that . I think it's the nicest city in the United States . 	Passport and disembarkation card , please . 
 Do it , please . 	Were you a leader when you were in college ? 
 Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot . 	Mr . Mass , here is a gift for you . 
 I appreciate the referral , doctor . 	hello , Jason , there is going to be a screening of Final Destination 3 at our campus cinema tomorrow . I plan to go to see it . 
 OK . Let ’ s go ! 	I have applied for a transfer . 
 Well . You know I hate walking , but I can ’ t wait to see your guys ’ video . 	Hi , welcome to the Belt Department . Can I help you today ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Sorry , sir , we are having a sale now . 	What sort of accommodation can you supply for me ? 
 That ’ s right . I ’ ll be in the baggage area . 	How's business ? 
 I apologize . One moment , please , while I transfer you to my supervisor . 	Thanks a million . 
 Goodbye . 	Look out ! 
 That'll be $ 4.25 ... ( The customer gives her a 5 dollar bill . ) ... out of five . Here is your change , sir . Have a nice day . 	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren . 
 Amazing ! I can imagine the feeling when I hear the smooth tune around my ears . 	It ’ s very nice to meet you . 
 I require 6,500 RIB per month as a start . This is my bottom line , the minimum salary I can accept . 	I need some books on hardware . 
 We assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of October . 	I'm going to have some people over for dinner Saturday night.Would you like to join us ? 
 You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize ! 	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ? 
 Yeah . But he just didn ’ t listen . 	why are there still so many people overweight despite the current fitness craze ? 
 About half a year . 	Honey , we are all out of wine and cheese . Do you mind running to the deli and picking up a few things ? 
 Good to see you too ! 	What subject do you like best ? 
 Those were the good old days , sir , indeed . 	Kelly , the guys and I think you should run for senior class president . 
 Don't be silly . 	Please file all the reports for me . 
 OK . 	Tu Mao , I'm hungry , let's get something to eat . 
 It depends on how much you earned . When you file , they will determine the amount . 	I have a package to post today . 
 International Air Braking Systems . 	I need order in the court ! 
 It's 2065 meters . Come on . Let us keep up the pace . 	Waiter ! May I see you for while ? 
 Thank you , they are beautiful . 	Hello sir , welcome to Pistolera restaurant . May I take your order ? 
 You're welcome . 	Do you have all types of seafood here ? 
 Maybe . I'll have to ask my mother . 	Hey , what are you doing here ? 
 Well , have a great time ! 	I'd like to reconfirm my plane reservation . 
 OK ! 	May I see your passport please ? 
 The Employment Development Office will call you for an interview . 	Can I apply for a permit today ? 
 It ’ s okay . I ’ m still waiting to hear from UCLA anyway . 	I've read your report , and I'm not sure I agree with you.You think you can get attendance improved by requiring salaried employees to take their all of their sick days ? 
 The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls . 	Which service offered by your bank do you use most ? 
 All right . I have a registered then . 	Can I help you find something ? 
 I'll just have water . 	Will you tell me the situation ? 
 Yes , it is . 	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature . 
 No . Nothing . I'm sorry . 	Oh , I am not sure I even want to look at this house ! 
 No problem , just get rid of the bugs ! 	How may I help you ? 
 Sounds like a plan . Let's meet in front of Tower Records at 12:00 . 	Where is that ? 
 You are welcome ! 	Would you like a cigarette ? 
 Yes , please . 	Good evening . Welcome to Mansion Hotel . 
 Yeah , it was nice to meet you . Hope I run into you again sometime . 	Do you know much about computers ? 
 I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section . 	Daniel , have you finished your homework ? 
 Mr . : Here . Write your name inside the front cover . Remember that you must return the textbook to me at the end of the semester , so keep it in good condition . 	Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ? 
 That ’ s fine . Thanks for coming to see us . I hope to be able to let you know about the job within the week . 	How are you , Mr Wilson ? I am Tina . 
 Ok . I can settle for that . 	What time is our connecting flight ? 
 Well done ! 	Is there something I can help you with ? 
 Sorry . 	Darling , I am back . What are you doing ? 
 Oh , I am really sorry . 	Mr . Reynolds ? Rick Murphy . I ’ m the accounting manager for Macmillan and Emory , Incorporated . 
 Thanks for your explanation , I would like it well-done . 	It's nice of you to see me off . 
 Good , I ' Ve get a two-pin plug . 	What are you waiting for ? Get on that bus quickly . 
 Not too bad . 	We're thinking about going to America . 
 I graduated from it in 2002 . 	Hey ! I just bought one of those new Japanese cell phones ! It's loaded with extras . 
 I have confidence in you . Believe in yourself . 	Hi , Kerry . Did your husband make cooking for you ? 
 Oh , this one is perfect . 	Hi Wei , what are you going to do this weekend ? 
 That's easy . If I were you , I'd date me ! 	How do you think a manager should react to an employee ’ s unsatisfactory work ? 
 No . 	I'm interested in Chinese antiques . 
 No , that's the cost , and that's what it's going to cost us . We can't go in the hole with this . I am giving you my best price , so take it , or leave it . 	What are you doing to your house ? 
 Of course , we do . 	I'm sorry I scratched your car . 
 I see.Thank you . 	Hello . What can I do for you ? 
 A set of ancient china . It is really invaluable . 	Wow , this is the famous Empire State Building . 
 No , why should I ? I don ’ t feel like it . Besides , I ’ m in such a bad mood . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 Gosh , Doctor . I had only three plates of ice cream.John had four . 	What can I help you with ? 
 That ’ s weird . 	Is supper ready ? I'm hungry . 
 After the meals . And do not forget to take two sleeping pills before going to bed . 	May I know who's calling ? 
 OK . Let's go and see . 	Is Tom in ? 
 Thank you so much ! 	I'm so angry at Bob for buying a new bike . 
 that's be great . The more prepared I am , the better . 	Hello ! I ’ m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ? 
 Woo , I can't help being there . 	Will you be voting this year ? 
 Just relax , listen carefully to the questions , and be honest in your responses . 	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing . 
 Thank you very much . I will redouble my efforts in the future . 	Don't be shy . Have some more chicken . 
 No , that ’ s all right . Paula . Why don ’ t you get something to eat , and I ’ ll see you this afternoon . 	How is your ankle ? 
 Good luck ! 	Well , it ’ s really too late . I have to go now . 
 You'd better tell your sister what happened and face the music . 	Hello ? 
 No , there isn't at the moment . 	Welcome . What can I do for you this morning ? 
 That ’ s all right . 	Evening , table for three , please . 
 Hey ! 	I want a suit of workmanship and suitable for formal meetings.Would you recommend some brands ? 
 Really ? I ’ m surprised . 	David , I ’ m going to China . 
 Such an eye ! The true hazel eye-and so brilliant ! Regular features , open countenance , with a complexion , Oh ! What a bloom of full health , and such a pretty height and size ; such a firm and upright figure ! There is health , not merely in her bloom , but in her air , her head , her glance . One hears sometimes of a child being ' the picture of health ' ; now , she always gives me the idea of being the complete picture of grown-up health . She is loveliness itself . 	May I please speak to Tom ? 
 That ’ s boring . Once we were asked to watch a video on how to operate the punches , all of us seemed to fall into sleep by the end of the video . 	I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans . 
 Oh ! 	Home at last . Tonight we have a lot of homework though . 
 Thank you . 	What are you going to eat with your sandwich ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Jenny , are you having fun here ? 
 I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city . 	Flight BE407 to Rome is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge . 
 About two years now . 	Who ate the cookies that were sitting here ? 
 Yeah , or the expensive Italian facial treatments . 	I am so sorry that I must be off now . My girlfriend told me I must arrive at her home in ten minutes or she will break up with me . 
 ( My telephone number is ) 139xxxxx345 . 	Is that girl your girlfriend ? 
 Yes . One moment , please . 	Hey , Jeff , where's your stereo ? 
 It's true , but she says she is tired of counting others ' money . 	Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ? 
 I am sorry , we will change yours for a new one . 	I just finished reading this article ' Getting Old Gracefully ' . It's a very good article . 
 maybe ... I'll think about it . 	I can't stand the stupid guy any longer . It ' s unbelievable ! 
 Really . I'll get a computer at once . 	OH , This is the famous Emperor Palace building . 
 Thank you . 	I'd like to say good-bye to everyone . 
 Thanks a billion . 	Hello , can I speak to Mr.Green ? 
 Oh , I prefer it loose 	Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season . 
 No probation is involved . If you feel good , you can start next week . 	Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today ? 
 Talk to you later . 	Are you free tomorrow , Sam ? 
 Certainly . No one who evades tax can escape from their detection.They ' ll check your income through computers . You'd better make a declaration to the tax authorities as soon as possible . If you fail to meet the deadline , you will be fined . 	What happened to that girl you were seeing ? 
 I can't see a problem . Let's give it a try . 	Look , there's no way we can convince people they need fresh motor oil every morning . 
 OK , I'll listen to you . 	Last month , we only had 40 hits on our site . Our products and prices are good , but the problem is that no one knows about our website . 
 OK . Let ’ s invite all their little friends to come and celebrate . 	Hi , Alex . How are you doing ? 
 You're welcome . 	Is everything ready for the big family barbecue tomorrow ? 
 Good idea . That might help . 	I have a stomachache . 
 Get some snack foods . 	What do you like for dessert ? 
 Ok . I like fishing very much . 	Let's begin by having you tell me about yourself and your background . 
 It's 486 yuan . 	I'm sorry I'm late . 
 Ok , it's a date then ! 	When was America discovered , Tony ? 
 Fine.Thank you so much . 	Excuse me . 
 I went to Paris . 	What do you think I should do , doctor ? 
 All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir . 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 I worked in the Infection Medicine Division . 	I heard that your previous manager was very capable , he is a good manger . 
 5 days . From Feb . 13 to 18 . 	Did you see Victor on Wednesday , Wendy ? 
 70 hours ? I would be dead if I worked hard like that . 	Oh honey , I tell you good news . The apartment I looked at today was pretty decent , around 120 square meters . 
 No , I don't think you're right.Kate never does things like that.It must be a naughty boy who did it . 	Jessica is going back to Holland next week . I've been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but I still have no clue . 
 There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones . 	Fill it up with regular , please . 
 Gate 29C . Have a nice flight . 	Are you ready to order now , sir ? 
 Oh , boy . His wife can't be happy about that . 	Front Desk . What can I do for you ? 
 I'll miss you too , my friends . 	Lucy , you ’ re back . How was your first day of school ? 
 Make it two . 	Which language do you speak ? 
 No , I haven ’ t discussed my career plan with my present employer , but I am sure he will understand . 	May I have my bill , please ? 
 I want to study Mandarin and public relations . 	Excuse me may I know the name of your corporation ? 
 You mean , you like the pictures of the beautiful models ... Hello ? 	Do you mind if I ask your friend out ? 
 Wait , what are you doing ! You can ’ t just kiss me then go for second base ! 	Good afternoon , Pan Am . May I help you ? 
 Okay , it sounds good . 	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town . 
 That ’ s fine . I appreciate your help . 	The whether in Beijing is just beautiful . 
 Yes , I'm serious this time . 	I heard there was an accident today . 
 All right . I will take a room for a week . Here is my passport . 	Good evening . I've come to see Miss Morrison 
 Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home . 	What are my choices for lunch ? 
 Thanks . 	How do you like other films starring Charlie Chaplin ? 
 Yes , it's OK . 	guess what ? I've got great news ! 
 Just call me Alex . Alex and Alexander are the same thing . 	Have you heard anything about Markweed Inc . ? They have called me back for interview , and I'm considering taking a job with them . 
 You ’ re welcome . Bye . 	What will happen to the children if you break up ? 
 These girls are different , they are not wimpy . 	Good morning , Family . We'll have our board meeting this afternoon . Can you write the agenda on the notice board ? 
 OK . 	How would you like your hair cut ? 
 Yeah , sounds like something I should definitely do . 	What food do you fancy ? 
 At 2 PM , give a presentation here with the press . At four o ’ clock sharp , have dinner with Mr . Smith , manager of NCC . 	Do you want to go shopping with me ? 
 Probably not . It's off the Internet . What difference does it make ? 	Did everyone fill out their entry permits ? 
 It ’ s about time . 	Are there any scenic spots nearby ? 
 Good luck to us . 	Did Roll win the race ? 
 Did I ? 	I believe that you called me ? 
 If everyone could take a look at the final review handout , if there're any objections or corrections , let me know . Next week , we can cast the final approval . 	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account . 
 I see . Then I'll try it . 	Would you like this one ? 
 It is important to keep your mind up-to-date and active . 	Er ... Alison ? 
 Wonderful . 	Do you remember Tina , my good friend ? 
 You sound like the TV ! You're not going to tell me that aliens built the Pyramids , are you ? 	Hello , Bessie . 
 I hope so . Thank you for saying so . 	Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend . 
 He nursed a viper in his bosom . His best friend Tony foamed him in . Tony first seduced his wife and then trapped him . 	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ? 
 Thank you , sir.Enjoy your stay with us . 	Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ? 
 I know he really deserves this . 	When you smell them , they affect your nervous system . 
 Certainly ! 	Hi , I have a doctor ’ s appointment scheduled with Dr . Smith , and I need to change it . 
 OK . I hope so . 	Hey , May . How about getting together for a movie tonight ? 
 Thanks ! Now I don ’ t need to come back to the shop a second time . 	Hi , my name is Tom . 
 Not so many really . But a lot of houses are destroyed sometimes . 	Hello , I need a wake-up call tomorrow morning . 
 I will . Merry Christmas . 	Dai Ling . 
 You're welcome . We wish you a speedy recovery . Goodbye . 	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? 
 That's it ! 	Have you seen the news that there is a serious flood in the South ? 
 This apartment is nice , but I'd like to find a cheaper one . 	What's wrong ? 
 OK . We'll wait . 	Hi , I'm Benjamin . Nice to meet you here . You look great . 
 That's 626-555-1739 . Thank you so much for choosing our hotel , sir ! 	Good morning . Phyllis Seymour speaking . 
 Well . You know I hate walking , but I can ’ t wait to see your guys ’ video . 	Reservation Center , Air China . Can I help you ? 
 do you hear something ? 	Hi , Sara , what are you reading ? 
 I'm not at all keen on this subject . 	I think we should buy some souvenirs to take home . 
 yeah , I'll call her later to patch things up . 	I want to take part in the bus tour . When does the bus leave ? 
 Okay , I think that will be all for me today . 	Um , which of them is the better typist ? 
 Ok , Ma'am . Calm down , 15 dollars will do . 	I ’ m sorry , dad . But you can ’ t do that . It ’ s for me to decide . 
 I'll be back tomorrow with my work clothes and a gallon of lavender paint ! You just sit back and relax ! 	What do you think a job means to you ? 
 Not at all . 	It seems that something is praying heavy on you.What ’ s the matter ? 
 Yes , I am . 	How did you enjoy your family party at “ ginger ’ s ” ? I hear that they have a lovely menu and buffet . 
 Ok , see you tonight ! Don ’ t be late ! 	How is your business on the Internet , Steven ? 
 But I am her brother , not her servant . 	Millions of amateur investors like you , have to rely on a dizzying array of financial newspapers , magazines and commentators to get investment information . 
 That's a good idea . You are really creative . 	Kim ! I'm here ! I brought all my old maternity clothes plus Dave and Alice's baby clothes ! 
 Ok . Here are the ones , turtleneck pullover , crewneck pullover , V-neck pullover and cowl-neck pullover . 	Is it all right for me to come in now . Mr . Sutcliffe ? 
 That's 10 dollars . 	I feel I work harder when I am under pressure . 
 You have an account with us , right ? If so , there shouldn't be any problem . 	May I help you ? 
 Thank you . See you . 	Hello . Can I help you ? 
 And here's her signature ! 	Look at this headline , Soo Mi . 
 That would be great ! Thanks for your help . Can I buy you coffee ? 	how are you doing , Christopher ? 
 It's two blocks down the road . 	Don't you think we ' d leave for the concert now ? 
 I think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks . 	We have one day to visit the big city , can you give us some advice ? 
 Goodbye . 	Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . 
 You are welcome , Jack . Glad to be of help . 	How have you been doing lately ? 
 Yes , we ’ ll do so . 	What can I do for you ? 
 You are our honored guests . 	What is your greatest strength ? 
 Because the company is far away from home , and I have to study after work so I can't afford to waste time on the road everyday . 	what are you watching on the telly ? 
 Ho , no ! 	I would like to have a continental breakfast . 
 I ’ m sorry , Janice . But we ’ Ve been waiting on the client . It ’ s out of our hands at the moment . 	I'm going to the shops in a minute . What do we need ? 
 That ’ s okay . 	Do you have any plans for dinner tonight ? 
 Thanks . 	How are the children doing in your class , Jane ? 
 OK . Thank you . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Enough ! I can't wait anymore . 	Give me enough for a skirt , will you ? 
 Thank you . 	Good morning Mike ! 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	Nick ! How ’ s it going ? 
 No , it isn't very cold at that time . You'll only need some light wool clothing with somejackets and shirts . 	When is your birthday ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Could you show me my bill ? 
 Bye . 	Hey , Ann . Wake up . It's time to get out of bed . 
 I suppose you need the whiteboard set up . 	What ’ s the matter , dear ? 
 Come on . Things are not so bad . Boys can learn to use the computer through games . 	Would you like to see our new shirts ? 
 Well , as far as I can see , the advantages outweigh the disadvantages . You've sold me ! I'd like to go ahead . 	Here's your drink , sir . 
 No , and let me tell you why ... If I make my guys stay over to check the inventory , I'll have to pay them at an overtime rate , which is time and a half . I estimate it will probably take 3 guys two hours to finish , that will be an increase on your labor fee by at least 10 % ... if you need the numbers that urgently , I can have them do it . Otherwise , we can wait until tomorrow morning , and I'll call you with the numbers after they're done . It's your call ... 	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ? 
 It's really hard to avoid such bad influence anyway . 	I am not sure what to do during the holidays , any suggestions ? 
 Coffee , please . 	Hello , can I speak to Mark Wyatt , please ? 
 Fine , then ! If that ’ s the way you feel , so be it . But you ’ re losing out on a great opportunity here . I ’ m going to go hit up Mum for the cash . 	Hi , Jeny.Are still working ? 
 Thanks so much . I owe you one . 	Stand back from the door , please . Let the passengers off . You can't get on until the other passengers get off . 
 I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it ! 	Sorry . What was that you said ? 
 Dream on ! 	Mum , can I finish my homework later ? 
 Hey , slow down . I'll tell you more while playing . 	Excuse me , sir ? 
 I know that but he has to learn to be independent . He can't just keep living at home . 	I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me . 
 Of course . I'm on it 	When you need an apartment , where do you look for one ? 
 I once read a story about a person who talked to animals . It was very interesting . 	Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company . 
 Well , I think that's the only thing I can do . 	Hi , Mary , it ’ s been a long time 
 Thank you , Steven . You are really a good friend . 	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one . 
 Mmmm , sounds like risky business . Good luck . 	There's been a dramatic change in the weather pattern . 
 I import canned food . 	Have you graduated now ? 
 No , I just read the names off the packages ... Ha ! 	I ’ m hungry , let ’ s grab a bite to eat . 
 I see . Well , there ’ s no rush . Please send it via priority mail . Please be extra careful , the contents of the package are fragile . 	How about the hiking ? It was freezing yesterday , are you all ok ? 
 You can bring life photos , recommendation letters and certificates . 	Excuse me . Where is the Beijing railway station ? 
 Yes , sir . You're going to have a great time . 	I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too title . 
 Run ! They are thirsty for more ! 	Are you an outgoing person , or more reserved ? 
 Not quite the only one . I really wanted that job at the magazine , but I still haven't heard from them . 	Will we drive to the seaside ? 
 Yes , simple as it is . t does work . 	Where did you go yesterday ? 
 As long as you don ’ t treat it better than your wife , it ’ s fine . 	Come on in . Let me show you around . Here ’ s the living room . 
 Excuse me ? Let's try to work this out , okay ? 	Would you like to join the drama club ? 
 thanks for those ideas . I ’ ll get to work on them right away . 	Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . 
 Would you please give to me , and will imprint it ? 	Where do you work ? 
 Thanks . 	It's said you will go abroad to pursue your graduate studies . 
 Fine then . Let's get started . 	Hello , I wish to speak to Mr.Zhang . 
 Hold on , that's an item . You should put that in the recycle bin next to the trashcan . 	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	We thought you might like to participate in our rehearsal . 
 Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though . 	I can't believe my eyes , Bill . Are you having a salad for lunch ? No hamburger ? 
 Of course . They will be ready in a few minutes . 	What kind of packing do you plan to use for this consignment of goods ? 
 Sounds good . I'll take that . 	Have you found a new job yet ? 
 Maybe this is God's will . 	Good morning , madam . 
 Not a problem , Sir . If you'd just fill out these forms , and of course with necessary clearance , we can get you the money right away . 	Hi there , I'm Steve Saunders.What ' s your name ? 
 Yeah , sure . Your total is seventy-eight dollars and thirty-three cents . Here is your receipt . Have a nice day . 	John , did you have a dream when you was a little boy ? 
 Ok , that's all . 	Hello , how can I help you today ? 
 That's fine . 	Egg , this bathroom is a pigsty ! 
 Maybe . Maybe I will . 	Show me your passport , please . 
 Yeah , sure , you won't be disappointed . 	Excuse me , are you Miss Green ? 
 Let me handle it . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Certainly . 	Good morning , miss . 
 Bye ! 	Can you direct me to some fresh produce that's on sale ? 
 You're welcome . Have a nice trip ! 	Great party , isn ’ t it ? 
 Luckily there is no such kind of ' grown-up ceremony ' any more . 	Crazy ! He locked himself in the room . 
 I'm sure you will have fun no matter where you go.Remember to take your bag . 	My friend finally dumped her boyfriend , and she's sworn she's going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry . 
 Fine , I will begin a search for the perfect home for you . I will call you in a few days . 	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . 
 I've got a date . 	Well , Betty . Since you ’ Ve done well during the probation period , we decided to employ you formally . And now we need to sign the formal agreement . 
 At least we agree on that . Let's go and get a drink . 	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again . 
 Here is the menu . 	Is Stanley still singing that Elvis song ? He's really hogging the mic ! 
 I'm afraid you can ’ t . You ’ re welcome to pay in cash . 	Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ? 
 They're neat . Now Let's take that path into the woods and see what we can see ... 	I'd like to open a one-year time deposit account and a checking account . 
 Goodbye , Randy . Take care . 	Yes , I think there is something wrong with my car . 
 Yes , sir . 	Happy birthday , Alice , here is a little something for you . 
 OK , I'll iron your shirt for you , but only if you make me a cup of coffee . 	Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? 
 Alright , I'll get it . 	The May Day holiday is coming . Have you made any plan ? Are you going to stay here or go out for a traveling ? 
 Thanks . 	Come on , you are left behind ! 
 Yes . Floating bonus is the kind of bonus that is indeterminate in amount , such as quarterly bonus , bonus at the end of the year . 	Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon . 
 OK . I'll take it . 	Are you ready for the big competition today , Todd ? The winner gets two tickets to the Sydney Olympics ! 
 Oh , why not ? I'll take ' em . 	Hello . Mr . Othman ? This is Michael in Mr . Emory ’ s office . He ’ d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier . 
 You are welcome . Hope you can find it soon . 	Hi , Janice . Our first weekend after being employed is coming . Show me your plan . 
 Thank you very much ! 	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up your room now ? 
 Here you are . 	Hey , Robert , that's a nice shirt you are wearing . Where did you get it ? 
 Really ? I ’ ll take it then . 	Guess what ! I know something you don't know ! 
 It's our pleasure . 	I'm in heaven ! A Whirlpool dryer ! 
 I see . 	Could you change these for me , please ? 
 Thankyou . Goodbye ! 	I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it ? 
 You might get a little dizzy , but that is it . 	Would you like to see our new shirts ? 
 I'll try it tonight . 	The operation in the lab is radioactive and dangerous , so work with care . Have you got ear muffs and gloves ? 
 Thank you . 	How good is your Mandarin ? 
 Oh . That helps . Thanks . 	Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport . 
 With a Type B Account , it cannot be directly involved in any transaction and it cannot be applied to any external withdrawal service . 	Have you seen that house ? 
 It was so perfect that it won a unanimous 10 . 	Tony looks very handsome in the suit . 
 It's nothing Navy . 	Have you finished washing clothes ? 
 Yes , pretty well . I have started learning English since primary school . 	I can ’ t believe that Anthony is finally getting married ! 
 Not at all . 	do you need a hand ? 
 OK , I agree . But the repeat order can't have the same terms . 	Well , the way you drive , Jen ... I still don't think that's a good idea . 
 Nowadays , it's no difference from America . But in old times , we have traditional ways to celebrate it . 	Hey , Jim . I didn ’ t know you biked to work . 
 Yeah , my wife likes that one , too . Personally , I prefer action movies . 	What a letdown . I wanted to experience some Mafia culture firsthand . 
 I am going to send you for a CT scan , and I will see you again when we see the results . 	How is Rose now ? 
 That's great . I'll tell my mother about it . 	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ? 
 Go do what you have to do , but make sure it doesn't happen again . 	Would you mind if I use your tape-recorder ? 
 I really appreciate all your help . 	You seem to like her very much , don't you ? 
 500 yuan . And if you buy it today , there will be a 15 % discount for you . 	OK darling , got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese ! 
 But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight . 	Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? 
 That's a good idea ! 	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ? 
 I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all . 	I went bungee jumping yesterday . 
 Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so . 	Good morning , is this Ryan ? 
 Yes , he was . I imagine he must be very angry with himself for that . 	I hear Yolanda has been studying every night this week for the exam . 
 Peter , it's a quarter to twelve . Let's go home now ! 	Kate , can we change the channel ? 
 Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes . 	Well , we've finally put the finishing touches on the training programs for next year . Here's a report showing the projected costs as well as the expected return on investment . 
 Those people are quarrelling . 	Look ! Someone is celebrating his birthday . 
 Well , in that case , you have to pay for it . Please fill out the form first . 	How can I help you ? 
 No problem . 	I swear I will never shop at a street market in China . It's a terrible place full of excellent profiteers ! You have to keep an eye whenever it comes to paying for something . 
 Looks nice . Okay , I'll take it . 	Every country should face the history . 
 It ’ s right under you ! Kathy ! ! ! 	Tell me something about your Valentine's Day . 
 Well . I think I will wait . 	Can you tell me where I can park ? 
 ok . 	Well , that's it . 7 appointments in Paris at beginning of next week , and 4 in Frankfurt at the end of the week . 
 Okay , I'll see you later . 	Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it ? 
 No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes . 	Do you have some good ideas of losing weight ? 
 The individual landlord's numbers are next to each entry . You can call them with any questions you may have . 	I heard that EDD has special services to help me get a job . 
 It's simpler and cheaper to arrange multi-model combined transportation . 	Wake up , Mary . 
 That's a good sign . But just soak a little longer , OK ? 	Oh , look at those earrings , Maria . They're perfect for you . 
 yeah , it's hard to believe but true . 	Would you show me some table-cloths ? 
 I'll take one , too . 	You won't believe what just happened . 
 You won't be late.It ' s still early . 	Hello , this is Francis from XYZ Company . I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week . Do you have time to meet ? 
 Bye . 	What are you doing ? 
 Yes . But there is no half fare for children . They must pay full fare . 	This house is not looking all that great from here 
 Actually , my mother made it from scratch . 	Excuse me . 
 It's my pleasure . 	Charles , do you have any children ? 
 He is more nice than wise . 	OK , Tom . It's your turn . Are you ready ? 
 Well , if I were you , I'd go to see the doctor . That might help . And you'd better stay in bed today instead of going to work . 	Hey Bobby . What's going on ? 
 Look , traffic jam again ! 	I have learnt how to ride a bicycle . I plan to go to the Water Park by bike this weekend . 
 You bet . I wouldn ’ t miss it ! 	if you can choose , will you marry a foreigner or a Chinese ? 
 You're welcome . 	Excuse me , Sir , you are not supposed to smoke here . 
 I'm not sure , you know I'm not familiar with the city , too . 	Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best . 
 That ’ s my wish . 	Paul , a company called me for an interview . 
 The weather is often quite different from the weather forecast . 	what's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids ? 
 Well , I'll see . Sometimes the stores don't have some of the new kinds of cereal . 	Who stands out in your mind as a man or woman of sound character ? 
 I'll try to speak more clearly . 	I'm going to New York for the first time , but I don't have a tour guide . Can you give me any suggestions ? 
 A black coffee with 2 sugars would be much appreciated , thanks . 	Hello , I'm Lance . 
 That's it . How much ? 	Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ? 
 I am sorry for that . We will improve the dishes next time . 	Do you know what time it is ? 
 As a matter of fact , I would like to work in South America . So some Latin language like Spanish or Portuguese would work . 	Say , Anna , what are you doing tonight ? Would you like to go out ? 
 You'll have to dismantle the unit and lubricate the bearings . Do it as quickly as you can but make sure you top up the oil before you start the motor up again . 	What do you like to do with your free time ? 
 You know what ? I don ’ t think I can hack it here out in the countryside . I ’ m going back to the city ! 	Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . 
 I like the Brazilians . They are the real champions . 	You have worked in your present company for five years . 
 Well , that's fine . 	Plaza Hotel , good morning . Leo speaking . 
 I want to get in touch with the Chinese Embassy , because my passport was in the stolen bag ! 	It ’ s nice meeting you . 
 I think they will . 	Is Betty Sue in her office ? 
 Your room number is 707 . Here is your key . The bellhop will help you carry the suitcases to your room . Have a nice evening ! 	You know we went great lengths to promote the sales of your products . Through our continuous effort , consumers tend to accept your product . So , there will be a potential market for your product in this area , and would you let us act as your agent ? 
 Sounds perfect . I can't wait ! 	I guess you should know that you need to be hospitalized . 
 Yes , I have a three-year-old son . 	What qualifications should a reporter have ? 
 No . You see , I went back to school to get my Master ’ s Degree when I was in my thirties . You won ’ t be older than that . 	Excuse me . Can I get a ticket on the next flight to Frankfurt ? 
 Sure . Here you are . 	I don ’ t understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . It seems like you ’ Ve got good news everyday . 
 Maybe we can think of something somewhere between a chick flick and a horror movie ! 	How did your company's fundraiser go ? 
 Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky . 	Excuse me . Can you show me some nail-polish ? 
 Ok . I'll check the heater . Dry yourself with the towel first . 	They're very good friends , aren't they ? 
 Thank you for all of the information . I will help you find the perfect house for you . 	What can I do ? 
 I agree with you , but that's easier said than done . 	What a wonderful game ! 
 You really have a big head , don't you . 	Hello . I am Bili and I made an appointment with you to see the house . 
 It sounds marvelous . Thank you for your help . 	And how will you be paying for your room , Ms White ? 
 OK . 	Do you offer a course in business management ? 
 You're welcome . 	How are you today ? 
 Nope , lost again . But , it was a good game . 	OK . Come back into the classroom , class . 
 Whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting ! 	Hey Michelle . Good to see you . Are you at lunch ? 
 Thank you , David . 	I'm very annoyed at your disobedience . 
 Sorry , the connection is terrible . I'll call you back because I can't hear anything . 	I think my car can run much faster than yours . 
 It's very helpful . The course has let me into a new world of literature . I read so many great literatures . 	Morning , Bob . Fancy meeting you here ! 
 Over 2 million . 	May I come in , Mr Sun ? 
 I see . 	Hi , I need a hotel room . 
 bye . 	Hi , are you busy ? 
 It ’ s going all right . I ’ m learning some things for the first time , but I ’ m also brushing up on some things that I already know . 	Hello , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thanks ! 	Is this your brother-in-law ? 
 Of course . Everything's so striking and fascinating . 	You are from the travel agency , aren't you ? 
 Right . I enjoy what I'm doing . 	You're going to have coffee , aren't you ? 
 I hope so , too . Bye ! Ben . 	From the looks of this house from the outside , I don ’ t really think that I want to go inside . 
 No one really did . They were very discreet and professional at the office . 	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ? 
 Forgive me darling . I'm very tired . 	Can you tell me where the produce is ? 
 I am sorry . But I do not have any money to lend to you . 	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ? 
 We can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit . 	Here you are . You left the medicine here . 
 I only buy them if they look particularly interesting . I don ’ t buy any regularly . 	Is breakfast served here ? 
 I am sure I can get a 95 this time . 	What kind of job are you interested in ? 
 OK . I look forward to working with you . Enjoy your week ! 	Hey , Jane ... are you familiar with our company's insurance policies ? 
 Thanks for the advice . I guess you ’ re right . It ’ s just hard to overcome my shyness . I really will try from now on . I promise . 	Good morning . I want to apply for a library card . 
 All right . 	It's terrible how things have changed . You remember there used to be trees on all these hills . 
 Yes , that'd be all right . 	I'm looking for a necklace for my girl friend as a birthday present . 
 Fine . Sleep well yourself . 	Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ? 
 Certainly , sir.Would you sign here , please ? ... Thank you . 	Are you OK there ? 
 I think I have nothing to declare . I have just brought a bottle of wine . 	Hello sir , how may I help you ? 
 Oh , my god ! He ’ s so perfect . 	You want to go to the movies tonight ? 
 You are welcome . See you next time . 	I am so busy today . 
 I think so . Maybe that ’ s why it ’ s cheap here . 	Excuse me . 
 Yeah , you ’ re right . Can ’ t go wrong with that . 	So , now I need your help again , if you don't mind . I'm taking a date to a restaurant . 
 Remind me never to sign up for that course ! 	Amelia , could you spare a few minutes ? 
 Are you done ? 	Dad , may I have a room of my own ? 
 all right . i'll give it a try . 	Tell me about yourself . 
 I promise I will take the first chance to call on you . Please send your wife with my best regards . 	Excuse me , but I'm looking for a gift for my friend . 
 Yes . It's a Korea company and it was built in Beijing five years ago . 	Hey John , nice skates . Are they new ? 
 How wonderful it would be if I had such smiles ! 	S :: Welcome to Flash Foto.What can I do for you , ma ’ am ? 
 She is as meek as a lamb . She never goes against anyone or anything . She's as good as gold , you know ? 	Excuse me . Does this bus go to the National Library of China ? 
 My pleasure . 	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ? 
 Then why don ’ t we go for a walk in the hills . It ’ d be very good for us you know . 	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ? 
 They might actually win the game . 	Do you like this dress , madam ? 
 Hehe .. sure 	Hello , John . How are you ? 
 That explains it . 	How did you choose courses when you were abroad ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Great Britain Airline , anything I can do for you ? 
 Everything appears to be in order . Thank you for your time . 	The National Day is coming . What are you going to do during the holiday ? 
 But when I noticed that he was left in the cold , I could not help wanting to help him to get out of the situation . 	Can you do me a favor ? 
 My advice would be to finish it at once . 	I'm so busy . I don't know how will get this done . 
 Here's your change . Thank you . 	Hi , Linda . I haven't seen you for ages . 
 I had a wonderful time . 	I need help with the office party . 
 Very good . 	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ? 
 Sure . 	Sam , we are hard up for the everyday expenses . When can you find a job . 
 Yes . Good for you . 	Hey , Doug ! How ’ d it go at that meeting yesterday ? I know you were pretty anxious about it . 
 Well . How do you know ? 	Do you need a guide ? 
 I will , mom . Don ’ t worry . 	Excuse me , how can I get special discount coupons ? 
 Fine . Thank you very much . 	Mum , pass me some more please ! 
 Merry Christmas to you . 	Hi , I'm back ! Hmm ... your hair is pretty damaged , and you've got split ends . 
 Oh , that's very kind of you . Thank you very much . I've got to go . 	Did you see Ally Mabel last night ? 
 Good idea . I will take the racket . 	Hurry up , guys ! The train is about to leave . 
 That'll be all . 	Besides , yours don't have side pockets like mine . 
 Perfect . So , I guess my next job is to go to the newsagent and buy some car magazines . Thanks for everything . 	Hey , Lily , what are you doing ? 
 This is ordinary marriage life . 	Do you like music ? 
 OK , superman . Put on your cape , we are going to fly home . 	Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ? 
 I would like to be in a managerial role , ideally working do6ely with external clients . I have worked in client-facing roles for more than two years and I enjoy the challenge of keeping the customer satisfied . I think Ifs something I ’ m good at . Finally , I ’ d like to be on the right career path towards eventually becoming a senior manger within the company . I ’ m very aware that these are ambitious goals , however I fell through hard work and dedication they achievable . 	All right then , Ms . Montgomery . I ’ ll get those plans over to your office by Thursday afternoon . 
 Okay , let's go ! 	Oh , the ink is spilled on the desk . 
 I don't like to take any medicine at all without talking it over with a doctor first . 	so ... what kind of things do you do in your free time ? 
 If I'm in the service center . I'll listen to the client patiently , and accept the criticism objectively . Then I will have the claim reasonably settled . 	Hello , Jenny . What's the matter ? 
 Well , you can check the local paper or search ‘ flea market ' online . 	What is my schedule for today , Miss Liu ? 
 I won't , mum . 	Hey , Jim , it ’ s time to wake up and get out of bed . 
 All right . I ’ ll call you back later . 	Ben , what are you doing ? 
 Have a nice day , bye ! 	I went to Super Junior's concert last night . It was fantastic . 
 The notification period of my current job is not that long and I ’ m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I ’ m good dealing with the people from other cultures . It makes the whole job even more interesting . I will send my resume to you still this week . 	Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia . 
 Yes , hope you can enjoy it . 	Excuse me . I lost my way . Could you tell me where the scholar cinema is , please ? 
 I will . 	I like pop music very much . 
 Okay . 	Did you work in a charity organization ? 
 Let's just hope my teacher agrees . 	What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good . 
 Mind your own business . 	You're from New York , aren't you ? 
 It doesn't seem very hopeful to close the deal on this price . 	Why have you stopped production ? 
 Ok . Then I can make up my mind . 	How often do you service the pump ? 
 No , I'd definitely try to restore it to its original state . I love to imagine what it'd be like to live in another time in history and living in a house decorated like it would have been 200 years ago would be a great way to feed my imagination even more ! 	Good morning , welcome to Bank of the USA . How may I help you today ? 
 I like the way Carl runs . He looks more graceful . 	Would you like to book a table , sir ? 
 Yes , it will print immediately . 	Come here ! I can see the tall camphor trees from here . 
 Good . Let's shake hands on this successful transaction . 	Excuse me , would you get me some paper napkins ? 
 Thank you . 	Did you read this ? It says that the number one new years resolution make is to spend more time with friends and family . 
 All right , expecting you . 	What can I do for you ? 
 And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day . 	I must be going . 
 Lots of reasons I guess , unemployment is pretty high these days . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 Cygnet . OK , I've got that . 	My goodness ! You ’ re kidding ! 
 All right . I'll have them . 	What is the great trait in your personality ? 
 You're right . I'm not going to play games during school anymore . 	That one looks pretty big . Are you going to keep it ? 
 I'll tell you what , I'll go over the number again with our financial team and see what I can do . I can't give you any guarantees . But we can try . 	Excuse me , I'd like to try some Chinese food . 
 Thanks . 	This is a nice set of wheels . How much did the dealer charge you for this ? 
 Yep , it should be here by tomorrow night . 	Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ’ t you ? 
 I think I would like the former one . 	I ’ m thinking about redecorating my bedroom . I bought this magazine in order to get some ideas . What do you think of this ? 
 it sounds like you've learned something useful this year ! 	Hi , excuse me . I am sorry to bug you , but do you know where the Royal Hotel is ? 
 It depends . It's true that you can take some for prevention . 	Watch out ! You're too close to the fire place . 
 At two thirty . 	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! 
 That's the reason I want to finish my B . A . in four years.Because I know I will be in school a long time . I want to start the M . A . and Ph . D . program as soon as possible . 	Well , this is certainly a nice place , Mr . Taylor . What sort of public transportation is nearby ? 
 OK , I will.Thank you . 	Hello , what can I do for you ? 
 She ’ s a consummate professional and a team-player . I have utmost confidence in her abilities . You can ’ t go wrong in hiring her . 	Good evening , sir . I think we have reservations . Have you fixed them ? 
 So remember to set your alarm clock . 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 There is a formula to determine the amount based on how much you earned . They will let you know when you file your claim . 	What are you using for bait today ? 
 Shame on you . I was saving them for your brother . 	The show will be starting in a few minutes . We'd better go in and find our seats . 
 That's the purpose of the meeting . Sometimes a mediated conversation will straighten things out , and a little discussion and apology can calm the waters . 	Good morning , Miss.Are there boat tickets to Miami on the first of September 
 Oh , look ! There's a spot open next to the public restroom ! Can I take it ? 	Harry , do you like the opera ? 
 $ 3.60 will be the right amount for the tip . 	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ? 
 In order to achieve that objective . I would work step by step and make further study . 	Mom , I hate eating vegetables ! 
 No probation is involved . If you feel good , you can start next week . 	Who is on duty ? 
 It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress . 	This broth is wonderful . What's in it ? 
 Oh . I ’ m sorry to hear that . What happened ? 	Have you met the new girl ? 
 No , not the really , don't worry about it , like I said there'll be a lot of people there doing the same thing that you are doing , so just follow the crowd , There's only one direction to go , so you won't get on the wrong train . Head north on the Yellow line , and you'll see Wudaokou in just a couple of stops . 	Can we have a table for three , please ? 
 Poor guy . 	Have you got anything for diarrhea ? 
 Well , I collect beer mats . I ’ m not sure that counts , though . 	Hi , my name is Violet . Come with me , and I'll help you wash your hair . 
 Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable . 	Isn't it a nice day ? 
 See you . 	Would you like me to type it for you ? 
 Probably we'll survive.But turn the car off for about forty-five minutes . Then we'll turn it on again . 	Mr.Keller , may I call at your home sometime the week ? 
 Oh , I ’ m too lazy to play sports , and I ’ m not good at anything either . It hardly excites me . 	Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you ? 
 Not funny . 	Hello , Is this EYE computers ? 
 You can discover interviewer's eyes because they can show his thoughts , and can judge whether he is interested in your words by his gesture and mien . 	Our house is too small . We had better have a big one . 
 Yes ! 	Good morning . May I help you ? 
 Sure . What's up ? 	Hi , Celia ! How was your trip to the United States ? 
 That ’ s all right . 	Excuse me . Do you mind if I ask some things about work for this company ? 
 As long as you go vote , that ’ s all that matters . 	I just dropped in to say goodbye . 
 Wow ! Congratulations ! 	Good morning . Can I help you ? 
 OK . 	Hi ! How are you doing ? 
 Just having a chat . 	I like this apartment . Do you think we can afford the mortgage ? 
 No , not really , but I think I have lost my wallet . Where can it be ? 	I'd like to pay my bill now . 
 You ’ re right . It ’ s sometimes hard to tell which pages are advertisement and which ones are articles . 	Hi , boss . You wanted to see me ? 
 I think it had direct impact on my way of thinking . I learned to look at people and things from an overall perspective . In that case , I am not easy to be edgy . 	Why are you asking me about my boyfriend ? 
 Yes , sir . 	Usually cities have greater traffic problems . 
 You have to pay a fine . 	Hey , look at the offer I got in my e-mail . It says that I can get rich quickly while working at home ! 
 His mother , not me , should do this . 	Excuse me , can you help me ? I would like to change rooms if possible , I couldn ’ t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a lot of noise , also if at all possible , I ’ d like a room that doesn ’ t overlook the street , between the noisy neighbors and the highway outside , I didn ’ t sleep a wink . 
 OK . 	Have you ever played Making ? 
 It's my pleasure . 	It's raining heavily . 
 No , only the articles listed on the Declaration . 	Is everything ready for the Christmas party ? 
 Yes , I'd like to know the exchange rate for yen . 	Are you the loan officer of this bank ? 
 I know , I should wash them right away . 	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ? 
 Ok , thank you . 	How are you feeling ? 
 No . Not now . I think I'll try to keep this one . 	What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Absolutely . 	Hello , I am calling to confirm my reservation for a single room . 
 You're welcome . 	Eric , how long will you be in China ? 
 Not for me , Dick . 	Henry , do you know how much we spent this month ? 
 Now let me check my schedule ... OK , you could to my office then . 	Hi , Walter ! 
 No need , sir . 	Do you want a taxi ? 
 I've told you I'm an expert . 	Good morning . This is Dr . Mustn ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 
 Thanks a lot . It ’ s very kind of you . 	Hello , Jim . What was the film like ? 
 I hope it ’ ll continue for a long time . 	What's the most popular sport in your country ? 
 Because I needed the money . And because I was good at it . Look ! What do you think ? 	Let's go practice your driving . 
 Sure he is . Winter swimming does good to health , I hear . 	Joe , how are you doing ? 
 It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning . 	I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed . 
 Great . I have a good day , thanks again for the offer . 	I often go to a place of leisure . 
 She's at home . 	Hi ! Peter . How are you ? 
 No , but I did notice that she was very interested in the art supplies ! 	Shall we go to a movie tonight ? 
 I don't think the stevedores could have handled them with great care . 	If you're observant you'll see rare birds , insects , butterflies , and a few reptiles . But you must look for them . There are also a few am-phibians in lower places . 
 Sure.But you need to be patient . 	You are married to a foreigner , aren't you ? So what's it like ? 
 No , there is no charge for those . 	Ouch ! The water's too hot ! 
 As long as it doesn't snow ! 	How was the party last night ? Did you enjoy it ? 
 I'm sorry . You're right . I should have asked . 	I ’ Ve got this really neat idea , you can hire a car and drive straight there . 
 The environmental review board has a team on it now.Hopefully we'll know more by the end of the week . 	We're having a sixties party next week . Do you want to come ? 
 I want a single breasted suit . Here is the cloth . 	Welcome ! 
 Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go on a date once in a while . 	Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ? 
 That ’ s all right . I ’ ll be right back . 	When will I get a raise ? 
 That ’ s a good idea . Remember that if the parents watch too much Tv , the kids will probably follow suit . 	Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 — let's go ! 
 But it's only a film . 	How do you spend your free time ? 
 I hope that we can continue our cooperation . 	Do you develop films here ? 
 Well , I doubt that . 	Excuse me , is there a swimming pool in your hotel ? 
 Enjoy yourself , sir . 	How far do we have to go ? 
 I suggest that we set up a board of directors for the management of the company and share rights and obligations as equal . That is very important . 	Good afternoon , sir , is there anything I can help you with today ? 
 It sure does . 	Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ? 
 Thanks . I'll let him know . 	Man ! That car almost hit me ! 
 Here you are . You'll find the sugar just over there . 	What are your working hours ? 
 I wonder if I can use your bike . 	Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? 
 Let me have it , please . I'm taking some laundry downstairs anyway . 	What's so special today ? 
 Back to live with my parents . That's something else I used to do before we were married . Remember ? 	I can look anybody in the face because I ’ Ve done nothing to make me feel guilty or something . 
 No problem , sir . But it will cost you extra . 	Good afternoon . Welcome to China . May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ? 
 I guess we'll either make it , or we won't . 	I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time 
 OK , but don't forget I'm here for you , and I know how you feel . It's my loss , too . 	You have a lovely house , Jack . 
 I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free . 	Hey , Joe ! Where have you been these past few days ? 
 I am sorry.sir.We will send someone immediately . 	Too much , Harry . Don't blame her anymore . 
 Oh , I wish I didn ’ t have so much to carry . 	May I ask what the core value of the company is ? 
 Thank you , sir . 	I went to the doctor yesterday . 
 In the same way , probably . 	Excuse me , can you tell me how to apply for a visa to America ? 
 No problem . 	Would you like chicken or beef ? 
 No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is . 	Would you like to go skiing with me ? I heard the new ski area is great . They have safe tracks , especially for the beginners and provide free training . I think it suits you best . 
 I wonder Why . 	I have here our price sheet on a F . O . B . basis . The prices are given without engagement . 
 Agreed . 	I heard that Ann had divorced . 
 Exactly . 	Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? 
 I ’ ll be glad if you would . 	Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ? 
 I have the same idea as you . 	Look , it's all water over the dam now . Let's leave it behind us . 
 Not a bit . 	Helen , you must be excited at going to America to study . 
 It's on the service counter over there . 	Some of them seem to be of the latest style . Now I ’ Ve a feeling that we can do a lot of trade in this line . We wish to establish relations with you . 
 Here . Catch ! 	This is my favourite restaurant . 
 I always make time for family . 	Excuse me . Could you give me some directions ? 
 Take it easy . I have to cut my losses . 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 No , thank you . I'll take an aspirin and see how it goes . 	Do you have a United States R . N . license ( i . e . Registered Nurse license ) ? 
 Thank you . 	I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to Dalian . A part of the goods were damaged in transit . 
 Now listen , Ben . Look , I think it ’ s a very good thing that a young man — after he ’ s done some very good work — should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself , and lie around , and drink beer and so on . But after a few weeks I believe that person should want to take some stock in himself and his situation and start to think about getting off his ass . 	How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ? 
 Don't ask me . I don't wanna be involved in your quarrel . 	Don't have some relation with him . You know , he is not a kind man . 
 But you did it and did it well ! 	Suit wrote me a letter . 
 No , I ’ m going to the airport to meet some friends from Beijing . 	How may I help you ? 
 I ’ m not worried about our country now that it ’ s in his hands . 	To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 707 to New York City ? 
 Thank you for caring enough to check on your scores ; keep studying ! 	The answer is zero ! What a let-down ! 
 Of course , it ’ s not polite of them , but sometimes you should put things the other way round and try to understand them . 	Good afternoon ! 
 OK . I'll take four kiwis . 	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ? 
 You can't judge a book by its cover . 	Here is the final draft of our contract . I'm glad that we have reached an agreement on almost every term in our trade . 
 It gets better on Sunday , though . The storm systems move east and the skies will clear up at night . It will still be rather cool , with highs in the low 50s . The West Coast will be experiencing some 	I think I may rent this apartment from you . 
 Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer . 	I'm hungry . 
 Then we'll put you in a cast . 	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ? 
 OK , I'll listen to you . 	Hello . I would like to buy some business cards . 
 I won $ 10 in the lottery last month . Perhaps next time , I ’ ll be luckier and win the jackpot ! 	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ? 
 That's good . What's the fee ? 	Do you want to settle the bill now ? 
 That's great . 	If we give you the job , what ’ s the most important thing you except to get ? 
 You're welcome . Let me know if you need anything else . 	Come in and have some coffee , Anna . The kids have just gone out to the mall to hang out with their friends . 
 That's better . 	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ? 
 Got it . 	Excuse me , sir . Is this a duty-free shop ? 
 That sounds fine . I'll be there around seven . 	Are you tired ? 
 I know . It's going to save me a lot of money , I hope . 	How do you like skiing , Pat ? 
 You can take a No . 12 bus here and then transfer to a No . 23 bus to get there . 	What did you do last night ? 
 Yeah , why not ? I've got a little free time on my hands . Where do you want to eat ? 	What are you doing tomorrow ? 
 No problem , sir . 	Let's go over this plan again . 
 They are sense of post , mentality quality , first aid ability , emergency adjustment , and law consciousness . 	What kind of breakfast do you want ? 
 That may be true , but I'm sure you enjoyed your sandwich . 	This bus goes all the way to Santa Anita mall , right ? 
 I hope so . Let me know how many will come . Then I will book the restaurant . 	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely ! 
 So we should take the advantage of it . 	Thank you.Steven.That was the most magnificent meal I've had abroad.You ' ll have to let me reciprocate the next time you're in Beijing . 
 Thank you . The payment needs to be in the form of cash or a cashier ’ s check . 	Hmm . Let me try something.Wait . I have a reservation for someone named Sang here . But it's spelled J - A - N - G . It's not spelled J - I - A - N - G . It's for a Mr . C Sang . 
 Thank you , bye ! 	I have a reservation . My name is John Sandals . 
 I think you'd better try an active job . 	Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ? 
 Sorry , sir . You have to pay by yourself . 	It's terrible how things have changed.You remember there used to be trees on all these hills . 
 Me , too . 	Do I need a visa ? 
 I will fax you a schedule as soon as I contact the owners to confirm the times . 	Hello Mr Janus . What can we do for you today ? 
 Have a nice day , Ma ’ am . 	Do you have any plans for tomorrow night ? 
 I'll finish soon . 	Hello , Mike , long time no see . How's everything going ? 
 Okay . 	Look at this survey conducted by a website . A quarter of the employees will spend an average of 10 minutes everyday online doing personal things . Hi , Francis , what about you ? 
 Thank you and take care . 	Ouch ! I'm hurt . 
 I have exactly the same feeling . This afternoon he explained the ins and outs of the stock market to me . He knows a lot about investments . 	I have a problem with my credit card . 
 ( When they are dancing ) You dance gracefully ! 	Excuse me , Is this the bus I should take to get to the Central Park ? 
 I ’ m all right with that . 	Hello . What can I do for you , sir ? 
 What do you drink ? 	One family skeleton of my family was that my younger brother has an axe to grind . 
 I ’ ll try to make it . I should be able to fit some time in around 3 o ’ clock . 	Are you going out , Jack ? 
 Coming ! 	Hey ! What are you doing here ? 
 That's why it's interesting . 	Who is Cindy ’ s husband ? 
 Oh , yes . I know where it is . 	Marriott Street . 
 It's my dream . 	May I come in ? 
 I see.Thank you . 	Look , Jimmy's report came today . 
 I'm a GS - 15 . That's high on the scale of workers , but even a GS - 1 is paid a living wage . 	Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? 
 To tell you the truth , I'm really nervous . I had a dream last night that I was being interviewed by a three-headed monster that kept trying to bite my head off . Oh , wow , my palms are sweaty just thinking about it . I just hope Ms . Mendoza won't be able to hear my teeth chattering . I just hope I get through this in one piece . 	Excuse me , my skin is always dry , can you give me some advice ? 
 you'll have to try for yourself some day . 	Michael Johnson doesn ’ t look graceful , but he sure is powerful . 
 Do the same thing with a drop slip if you ever need to drop a class . Good luck ! 	We need to do a group report tomorrow . I need to go to the stationer to buy something for the posters . 
 There are over 20 subsidiaries around the world . 	Bob ! 
 Have a heart , honey . You know I am trying hard to quit drinking , don't you ? Just give me one more chance , please ! 	What ’ s your city like ? 
 Thanks honey ! You have such great fashion sense.Now , what am I going to do with my hair ? 	You mean it shuts off to save energy ? 
 That's easy . It's .. er . Venus . NO . Pluto . No . Wait a minute . It's Anthe tip of my tongue . Oh dear , what is the nearest planet to the sun ? 	So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen ? 
 Thank you so much . 	When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it . 
 Nine is good . See you on Saturday ! 	I see you just graduated from college . What was your GPA ? 
 Thanks . 	So , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ? 
 Imagine a chef chopping vegetables on fast forward . Picture a man making a stir-fry , tossing the mixture up in the air , and then catching it , every last bit , in his work . And his culinary motto is ' Enjoy the moment . ' If you want to know hey theycook , visit www.StudioClassroom.com.tw for the recipe . 	Do you have any siblings ? 
 You are witty . 	And what's your vision ? 
 That's smart these days with all the news on skin cancer . Hey , there's everybody ! We made it ! 	Have you got your invitation yet ? 
 OK . Thank you . 	You ran into my car . 
 All right.Let ' s go . 	Where are you from ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ? 
 My pleasure . 	Peter and Mary broke up . 
 Sometimes they are too independent . 	Hello . What can we do for you ? 
 Sure . Let me ring this up for you at the register . If you would like , this can be gift-wrapped for free . Just take it to the customer service department . 	Does your girl friend like swimming ? 
 Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it . 	Guess what came in the mail today ? 
 Great ! 	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ? 
 Yes , ' Foreign Exchange Registration ' , for Bank Drafts , Bills of Exchange and so on . Also , approval of RIB accounts , capital verification and so on . 	Good morning , Mr . Chu . Would you like me to brief your schedule for today ? 
 Yes . Commission will be given on the basis of your sales revenue . And the percentage will be 2 % of your total revenue . 	Could you recommend something to drink ? 
 But you saw how skinny and pale he looks . He has " cancer patient " written all over his face . 	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ? 
 There are a lot of ways to help a kid build up self-esteem , but to begin with , you can try and give him more rewards . Rewards will help a chil improve his self-esteem . 	Royal Hotel , can I help you ? 
 It's hard to say . It depends . But I love the waltz . 	Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off . 
 Well , it still hasn ’ t gotten here , and my boss is pretty angry about it . 	Good evening , this is housekeeping . May I help you ? 
 I suppose the local one . 	Have you ever been shopping at Whole Foods ? 
 Take care , honey . I am always expecting you . 	Hello , this is Than Hua's office . Can I help you ? 
 That's for sure . 	Bob , what are you thinking about ? 
 My pleasure . 	Hi , Jenny . You look like you are in a hurry to somewhere . Where are you going ? 
 Yes , of course , Ms Chan . 	Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ’ Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ’ s get started ! 
 Yes , sometimes . 	This is Lincoln Bank , Consumer Credit Department . How can I help you ? 
 Nothing , thanks . I again apologise for the misunderstanding , bye for now . 	Hi there ! My name ’ s Terry Graham . You ’ re new around here , huh ? 
 I can imagine ! I tend to faint when I see blood , so I think I won ’ t be taking up a course like that anytime soon ! 	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ? 
 OK . Hurry up . 	Happy Birthday ! This is for you , Kate ! 
 Bye , Jason . 	Which social problem do you think the government needs to concentrate on most ? 
 Yes . 	Can I see your ticket please ? 
 Not , if you don ’ t want to . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 Thank you , doctor . I ’ ll do what you say . 	Mom , you know that Andrea and I sometimes worry about you . 
 Here is the money . 	Tell me something about yourself and your past experience . 
 Bye . 	I wonder who that man is . 
 that's a good idea . Let's discuss after work . 	Adam . I ’ m sorry . 
 Sir , we always try to please our guests . 	I know I'm a blabbermouth , but what do you think she should do , John ? 
 You're welcome , have a safe trip . 	Good morning.Mrs.Smith . 
 Well , your refund total is 50 dollars . 	How is Jim recently ? 
 No , I have not and I ’ m not sure I want to try them now . 	Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ? 
 After a while , crocodile . 	Have you ever seen Bill Gate's home on the internet ? 
 All right . That nearly done a little.Now I want you to look some pictures . 	Could I ask you for a favor ? My laser printer is out of ink and I need to print out something urgent . If you don ’ t mind , I would like to send you these files . Could you then print these for me ? 
 You are welcome ! 	Is that the Japanese Restaurant ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Good-Bye . 	Do you believe in god ? 
 Congratulations ! You do have the right attitude . 	Is it Fred's fault ? 
 They will stay for two days . Try to work out an efficient schedule . 	Can you book me a double room for February 22 ? 
 Really ? I'll have a try . Maybe I will get high marks next time . 	Is everything OK , Madam ? 
 OK , we will send a repairman to your room right now . 	There's a big problem with my room . I'm in 507 . 
 Employees are covered by worker's compensation insurance . 	Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ? 
 It's ok . 	Do you know which bus I can take to PCC ? 
 Take some medicine and stay in bed for a day or two . 	Do you have cruise tours ? 
 Good idea . Thank you . 	Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ? 
 That's quite a compliment coming from you . 	Excuse me , is there any summer resort around the town ? 
 Thank you . 	Mr . : There are two things that you'll need to know . 
 I'll have it if you insist . 	It's time to get up ! 
 That's completely natural . Most of our customers do the same thing . Could you just hold for a moment please ? Thank you . 	Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat . 
 Oh , poor Alan ! His sister is the only one he has left since his parents died last year . 	Could I help you on your new project ? 
 Here's your key , sir . If you need anything , just dial 0 on your room phone . 	Hello , ABC Company . 
 Just go to read . I will find it , honey . 	What's the date today Mr.Brown . I don't have a calendar . 
 let ’ s go together . 	Pasadena Traffic School . How can I help you ? 
 She takes classes in accounting and business . 	Hey , Wen ! Welcome to D . C . ! Glad you came out to visit ! 
 You're welcome . 	We have a great variety of men's suits , sir.Which particular brand do you prefer ? 
 Come on , Nancy . Play it cool . I go with you and burn the middle night oil tonight . 	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you . 
 I hope it will last fine Sorrow . I'm going to have a picnic with my family . 	Hello , I'm returning your phone call . 
 Yeah man , I ’ m starving ! 	What's holding us back on the plant expansion project ? We were supposed to see the specs on that ages ago.Why haven't I heard anything about it ? Did the whole project just vanish into thin air ? 
 All right . 	What shall we do tonight ? 
 That's absolutely ridiculous ! 	Have you bought a lot of new clothes for your vacation ? 
 Milk , please . 	Mom , can you talk about the philosophy of life with me ? 
 All that's left is a leg . I gave the head to Tim ! 	Do you have any sales experience ? 
 Of course , I will . 	Steven , we are preparing a martial arts show for the New Year's party . Would you like to join us ? 
 Your quantity sold is beyond the required by more than 30 % . 	Are you ready to order ? 
 That ’ s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss . 	morning . Phyllis Seymour speaking . 
 Yes . 	Hi , is that Mr . Wu ? 
 That's all right . We don't go to bed early . 	Julie , what's on the tube ? 
 Well , its theme is moving and profound , so from the academic aspect , this is its advantage to win the award . 	Ok , I ’ Ve got an up-to-day map . Let ’ s check the route from here to the airport . 
 Make good use of that day off ; you'll only have one this semester ! 	Hi , Bob . 
 Alright , We'll take care of that . 	I would like high speed internet installed in my house . 
 Of course , we will , sir . 	Hi . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	What sort of salary did you get at your previous job ? 
 How unlucky ! Let ’ s pack our bags and go home . 	Do you have any seat preferences , sir ? 
 Well , now I know the bus that'll take us back . 	You know , I'm a pretty laid-back person . I don't like to have lots of arguments or worry about lots of things . For example , I like to keep the apartment clean too , but if it gets a little dirty once in a while , that's not a big deal . 
 150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 	I want to leave home , mum . 
 Because he stayed with me all the time that night . 	Hi , Victor . How are you ? 
 Thank you , Mr . Cooper . I hope we get the contract . 	Hello ? 
 I promise ! 	May I help you , sir ? 
 Oatmeal and toast sounds good to me . 	What are our areas for growth ? What sectors do you see the most potential in ? If we are going to pull our sales numbers up and develop the brand , we got to work across the board . 
 Sorry , but I'm on my way out now.Could you come back in an hour ? 	Excuse me , driver , you have kept us waiting for 15 minutes . Can't we start the tour right now ? 
 Excellent ! That sounds like a plan . 	During the last two years , there has been a great increase in goods stolen abroad . 
 Right . The city life has made us tired and out of energy , while the natural world can bring us quite new feelings . 	Jack's been looking unhappy lately . 
 I know , it ’ s a big one . 	Excuse me , sir . Didn't you see the red light ? 
 I still think nobody plays for nothing . 	Excuse me , sir , this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer . It looks like you have more than fifteen items there . 
 I can ’ t promise , but I ’ ll do my best . 	Waiter , we have been waiting for 20 minutes . Would you mind hurrying ? 
 I see . Thank you . 	do you have a minute ? 
 You're welcome . 	What a charming room ! It faces south , and there's such a lovely view of the city . 
 There is a long list of those things forbidden , including explosives , gum opium and precious cultural relies and so on . 	So will you back me up if things get ugly with Elvin ? 
 Thank you . 	How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job ? 
 I have everything right here . I'll let you go through that and come back . I'd like to have a good read of your materials to make sure I make the right choice . 	I visited the Polar Aquarium today . 
 It looks more like a toy , or a cool briefcase ! 	Hi , Michelle . Do you need to use the photocopier ? 
 Just what I thought ! 	When the rain stops , you ’ ll see how beautiful the beach is . 
 Yes . I just need to double check a few details with you . 	Hey , Ann . You don't have a pen , do you ? 
 Yes , everything will be cleared . 	Have you got anything to declare , madam ? 
 Right . And the last thing , we are going to clean the files out tomorrow . Now let's begin . 	Why is the long face ? 
 Lower level employees need not attend . The purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . In order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . That's the reason for the retreat . 	Where's Bob ? 
 How things have changed now ! 	Is the view going to be ok ? 
 They'll be there in about an hour . 	You must be new . 
 I also have a doubt . Oh , kill me softly , she is May . 	I think the biggest environment problem in my country is air pollution . 
 Thank you . I'll bring your order right away . 	Sorry , I'm late . 
 thanks ; I ’ ll give them a call later . 	Hello , my name's David Wong . I've ordered a sofa from you last Wednesday . I wonder when it will be delivered today . 
 Yes , that's great . Thanks . 	So how long have you know Jack ? 
 You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening . 	Dinner's ready ! Come and get it ! 
 Yes , I got it . Thanks . 	Excuse me . Is anyone sitting here ? 
 See you later . 	And how would you describe yourself , Miss Tao ? What kind of person are you ? 
 That's OK with me . 	Oriental China Airlines . Good morning , may I help you ? 
 He is too unpredictable . He says anything that pops into his head . And then he forgets it all . 	I hear you ’ re taking a music class . I didn ’ t know you ’ re interested in it . 
 It's OK . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 It will be ready right away . 	I really like the way this house looks . 
 You do ? Who ? 	Where are you going , Tony ? 
 A little bird whispered to me . Keep that to yourself . 	You are going to work as my office secretary from next Monday . Right now I want to show you the rules of our company . 
 I'm sure we can work something out . 	I ’ m interested in teaching at your school . 
 I can believe that . 	It is too bad today . 
 Yes , I did . It was one of the conditions of the insurance policy . The insurance company need to assess the risk . 	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season . 
 Good , but can you tell me how to get to your office ? 	Who's that over here ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning . 
 Come on in , please . 	So Kim , have you ever had anything stolen ? 
 That ’ s great . But I prefer to put my money somewhere where the returns are more certain . 	Watch your step . There's a hole in the sidewalk . 
 That's OK . 	Help me organize these coins . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	What are you studying all day long for ? It ’ s summer vacation ! 
 Yes , maybe . But I like street shopping . There is more variety . I'm sorry . I just don't like malls . 	Thanks for inviting me to your friend ’ s wedding . I was surprised to hear the bride and groom talking to each other that way during the marriage ceremony . Is that common ? 
 I ’ m very sorry . 	You bet it is . And we got four thousand for our car space ! Awesome ! 
 I'll do my best . 	Room service.May I help you ? 
 Yay ! 	Jenny , are you having fun here ? 
 Your doctor will call you in a few days with the results . 	Excuse me . How much is the chocolate bar ? 
 Oh . I wonder if she'll go for that . 	Should I go now ? 
 Maybe I want an apple pie . 	Mrs . Schmidt ! What's happening ! 
 Thank you , I will . Hope to see you again next year . 	Excuse me . I ’ m a stranger here and lost my way . 
 I'm still just surprised you really want to do it.It doesn't seem to go with your character . 	It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean . 
 It's often cold in December , January and February . It snows sometimes . 	Honey , why are you so angry ? Can you tell me ? 
 I know . I can't help thinking about her . She's always on my mind . 	Hi , Steven . You have finished a wonderful project recently . 
 Here it is . Four pounds and fifty pence in all . 	Hello . Holiday Inn . How can I help you ? 
 Ok , I will . 	George speaks Japanese better than Frank . 
 Sorry , not tonight ! 	Speed Airlines Reservation . May I help you ? 
 No problem . 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 I'm sure of what I'm doing . 	You're here today to argue your ticket ? 
 You are welcome . 	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! 
 Not much make up . 	Would you mind doing something for me ? 
 By air of course . 	Why do you go fishing so often ? 
 If you gotta go , you gotta go . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 Where exactly have you been working , please ? 	Excuse me , miss . I'm a transit passenger for Flight No . 207 . Can you tell me where to go ? 
 Sure , my name is Ana Ferris . Don ’ t worry about it . it happens to me all the time . I ’ m terrible with names too . 	Would you like to introduce me to Mr.Johnson ? 
 I know , but remember to meet in a public place and don't give out your personal information . 	Come on , darling . We haven't got much time . 
 I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig ! 	What are the attractions of that city ? 
 Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you . 	What a beautiful view , my sweetheart ! 
 Better hurry , sir . Remember you have to check out in less than half an hour . 	OK , I'm sorry it took so long . 
 It was nothing . 	How good are you at sports , Bill ? 
 No , thanks . 	Today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet . 
 Then why don ’ t we go for a walk in the hills . It ’ d be very good for us you know . 	I don't know how to adjust my life . Would you give me a piece of advice ? 
 I can ’ t believe it . I guess I ’ ll be here until 10 again tonight . 	I hear you're entering the speech contest , Mike . 
 Just relax . We will talk about it this afternoon . 	How's your new car ? 
 You ’ ll be a mathematician one day . 	Is that a no-smoking sign ? 
 You ’ re welcome 	Can ’ t you remember the days when you had the hots for me ? 
 Sure . Here you are.Attach the label to your luggage and put your bag here . 	My doctor says that I need a blood test . 
 I think I would like that . 	Where are you living ? 
 But now I would stay at home watching TV . 	I'm so nervous about this oral test . 
 Thank you . 	I ’ m having a problem . 
 I haven't thought of that . 	Body language in the interview is closely related to the job-hunter's image . 
 Thank you.Have a nice day . 	Damn Scott . You got big . 
 No problem at all . Welcome . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 There you go . 	You look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed . 
 Deal . 	Do you mind if I come over to use your computer ? 
 I'm sorry to hear that . Take good care of your husband . I'll find another one to replace you . 	Cool camera . What are its features ? 
 2244 Forest Drive . 	How's your mother doing ? 
 It's super . 	I want to say goodbye to everyone . 
 Me too . Have a great day . 	We're going to have to postpone the meeting . 
 When these papers get processed , the house will be yours ! 	Are you going somewhere ? 
 It ’ s my pleasure having you here . 	What can I show you ? 
 I ’ d appreciate that , sir . How long do you think you ’ ll need me to stay ? 	I'm Mary Kell . May I ask your name ? 
 No , thanks . I'd like to go straight home . I'm very tired . 	It ’ s a beautiful day here in New Zealand at the Men ’ s Volleyball world championship . My name is Rick Fields and I ’ m joined by the man with the plan , Bob Copeland . 
 See you . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Right , see you then ! 	Hi . I'm looking for a gift for my niece . 
 Good luck . I hope you each some fish . 	What's the problem ? 
 Eventually I did get to a real person . I found out the closing time , but by then the store had already closed ! 	Where is that ? 
 We should take a large map and highlight those cities . What is each of them famous for ? 	Jack I hear you have a chance to go to college without taking a test . Is that right ? 
 I don't know , but I'm sure the produce person can tell you . 	Hi , are you Catherine ? 
 Oh , I got it . It simulates the real supermarket , which makes it feel so real . Mom will love it . She loves shopping in supermarkets . 	Mr . Chen , I have a Marry from realty world on line one . 
 Well , thanks for your help . 	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ? 
 Down the hall . I'll show you when the interview is over . 	What do you make of the case ? 
 Yes , of course . But I'm afraid I can't tell you . 	Would you like to go to the natural history museum with me ? 
 Yes , thank you for bringing the wine . It really complements the meal . 	Do you have this design with only one breast pocket ? 
 Hi , Ben . Come in . Diane's not ready yet , so you'll have to wait a few minutes . 	Michelle , Can you help me clean things up before we go ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello , sir . Have you anything to declare ? 
 Good-bye . See you again sometime . 	I'm looking for the produce section , please . 
 Actually , would you mind looking after my pet tarantula and snake for a couple of weeks ? 	When can you give me the final decision ? 
 I can't bear eating less . 	I hear you and James are engaged at last . 
 He was . He was friendly toward and showed concern for everyone he met . 	Do you have the notes from last week's class ? 
 Yes , it is . It was just painted and it has all the modern conveniences . 	It's said that the government will clamp down on the new policy . 
 All right . 	Hello . I have a room booked for tonight , the 15th . 
 I see . 	hey , Mary , what's up ? 
 Everything is Okay . And as soon as I see my son at home , all my worries vanish into the blue . 	Hi , how are you ? 
 I will ! I could use some good luck ! 	I have a problem . 
 Yes . Please fill in a new deposit slip and we can continue . 	When you told your mom you would be home around 2 am , She must have a cow ! 
 A road bike features skinny tires and a light-weight frame . Its riding position puts you bent over the handlebars . It's not particularly beefy in construction , and generally , it won't stand up well under heavy loads or on really rough surfaces . In contrast , mountain bikes have wide tires and a stout frame . You sit higher on them and don't have to hunched over . 	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness . 
 Maybe you should . 	Hey , Mary , what's up ? 
 All right , but let me know your decision before the end of the day . 	Professor Wang looks so handsome today . He is wearing a light brown suit and a pink tie . 
 Ah , you changed so fast . 	I'm glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here . 
 It's so interesting , I like it very much . 	Mom , I finished . 
 I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me . 	Hi , John , how was your vacation ? 
 See you later . 	We're broke . 
 Thanks for your help . 	Hi , I'm Josephine Chen , the tour guide for the Jade Agency . We have a reservation of twenty rooms for tonight . 
 Hope to see you again . We will provide the best service . 	I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too tight . 
 Jeez . Tourists . 	Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ? 
 Yeah , I will . 	It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts . 
 I will have fun . 	I want to go to china for sight-seeing . What do you think of it , Mum ? 
 Sorry , I don't feel like playing . I have too much homework . 	Guess what ? I won the speech contest at my school . 
 That's very honest of you . Rest assured that this hotel will have no insects next time . 	Which season do you like best ? 
 Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye . 	I heard Rose is pregnant . I hope it'll be a boy this time . 
 Inform my members to prepare for the travelling . And then we can discuss about the travelling costs . 	Excuse me , could you help me ? 
 Let me check ... His flight ’ s at 2:30 p . m . , so he should leave no later than 12 noon . 	I just won the lottery . 
 well , we'll be careful . Thanks for letting me know . 	I ’ d like to set a fixed time for this meeting before we finish today . Can you all take a look at your schedules ? 
 Certainly , it would be my pleasure , Mr . Smith . 	How have you been ? 
 That's fine with me . 	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ? 
 I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together . 	Can I have the menu , please ? 
 Don ’ t chicken out ! Come on ! 	Would you like to go to a concert with me ? 
 Yes , I did . I had a fine time . 	Did you go to the bank to withdraw money ? 
 Well , I know you do the right thing . 	Hello , I need to register for a class . 
 Great idea ! Here we go ! 	Do you have any apartment to rent ? 
 Thanks , that's would be lovely.You ' r right , he is kind and nice looking . 	Hi , Carlos . What are you doing this afternoon ? 
 Ok , I see . 	Hello ! nice to see you here at the finest centre again . What exercises are you going to do today ? 
 We always try to serve our guests in the most agreeable way possible . 	Ugh . Another advertisement . They ’ Ve added two hours of advertisements to a two hours movie . 
 You too , Peter . Give my regards to John . I'll see you in September . 	Do you have a good English-Chinese dictionary ? 
 I think I sometimes try to be over-organized . So I am learning how to let some things go and concentrate on the most important part of my job . 	I would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans . 
 Yes , maybe you can come on Friday . 	What have you been up to , Johnny ? 
 Ok , try these on in the changing rooms . 	Lisa , are there family rules in this house ? 
 yeah , it ’ s fair to say so . 	Hi , Mark ! Long time no see ! 
 Thanks , Pam . You're my lifesaver . 	Who's singing in your home , Jim ? 
 Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon . 	I am past my stop . Would you please let me get off ? 
 Thank you . I have to leave now . If you see Pamela , tell her I'll write to her . 	Hi . How can I help you ? 
 Don't worry . We can call a cab . It'll be alright . 	You just ran a red light . 
 That's fine , because if I leave , then your rules won't matter . 	Harry is so down that he won't talk to anyone . 
 A slow sparrow should make an early start . You know , I am not quick at learning any language . 	How far is it from here to the airport ? 
 I ’ Ve done that . The doctor advised me to cut out smoking and drinking . 	All right . But these are black and I don ’ t like black shoes . They ’ re dull . 
 Oh , as simple as that ! I shall never wait for a real person again , these machines are wonderful . 	What did you do over the weekend ? 
 Yeah , he has no children , so he sometimes feel s very lonely . I often go to his house to play and talk with him . That makes him feel very happy . 	Did you have any publications ? 
 Just hang on there a sec . Can I get a price check on ” Fun Times Ribbed Condoms ” please ! 	Hello , sir . Can I help you ? 
 It's the time to emphasize sense of crises . 	Hi , do you know a place that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ? 
 No problem . Come and get your picture on Friday . 	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ? 
 You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country ! 	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ? 
 Oh , Miss Anna ! That's too hard ! I won't be here long . 	Good afternoon . I suppose you are Ms . Monica . My name is Mr . Thomas , the general manager of ABC Company . Here is my business card . 
 That's all right . 	If you go out recently you will find some people riding scooters in high streets and back lanes . 
 Thank you so much . 	I'd appreciate it if you could help me pick out a gift for my daughter . 
 Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free . 	Anita , I ’ Ve been here only three days and you ’ re leaving already . 
 It seems you have to take time . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 You are welcome . Have a good trip ! 	Excuse me , sir , may I take your order now ? 
 I like doughnuts . 	What's going on here ? 
 Thank you . It has always been my dream to be a stewardess . 	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife . 
 Just joking , T . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit . 	you haven't spent much time with Sophia lately . Are you speaking to each other at the moment ? 
 That's right . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 I think you lack in the power of decision . Once you make your decision , don't be overtaken by misgivings and fear . Just go full steam ahead ! 	Emergency road service . May I help you ? 
 Half an hours later . 	Hey ! I have a surprise for you . 
 I believe that you can make your dream come true . 	Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Okay . Good night , sir . 	Hmm , what should I wear today ? 
 And they , too , want to make sure their loan is worthwhile . 	Come in , please . 
 I'll take two more , a red one and a white one . 	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ? 
 Yes , we'll be there , come hell or high water ! 	How much is this shirt , please ? 
 Mr . Chandler , this way please . I will show you a five-minute multivision about the history of our company . 	Hi , Mel , would you like to come and have a cup of coffee this afternoon ? 
 Well , perhaps , another time . 	Hello there . Is there anything I can help you with ? 
 Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ? 	Who is your favorite NBA star ? 
 I will be there for three years . 	Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ? 
 I'm happy to help . 	Is there any way we could get a better warranty on this product ? 
 You must have confidence in yourself . 	What degree have you received ? 
 I ’ m afraid not . My favorite is boots-running . I don ’ t care about games . 	Hi , is this the Resume Writing Workshop ? 
 Generally speaking , food items are difficult to import . Food with the short shelf life is liable to spoil in the time it takes to ship from one place to another . The only food items we import are specialty canned or preserved foods . The shelf life is longer for these products . 	Hurry up . We're going to be late . 
 Sorry , I dialed the wrong number . 	Hello . Can I talk to Miss Li , please ? 
 Who knows ! That might come to later . 	Have you every belonged to a political party ? 
 Good . You'll feel better after you do . 	Would you like to go to a party tonight ? 
 Let's go ! 	How much is the rent ? 
 No , not at all . 	How did you meet your girlfriend ? 
 I ’ m going to be fine . 	Good morning miss . Wang 
 Can I try it on ? 	So , did you go out with Richard ? 
 Good . 	what do you think about all the different diets people go on ? 
 Thank you very much . 	That looks like an interesting book . 
 Oh , I'm sorry . 	Delicious ! Did you make this chocolate cake yourself , Fred ? 
 That's all . Thank you for your co-operation . 	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! 
 I ’ m sure you ’ ll have fun no matter where you go . Remember to take your bag . 	Merry Christmas , Linda ! 
 Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow ! 	What do you do in your spare time ? 
 That comes to H . K . $ 120 . 	Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ? 
 No , you don't have to . Here comes the train . 	Your English has really improved in the two months you've been here , too . 
 No , the Chinese company has that all worked out . With the paperwork you receive with the shipment , you should be good to go . 	You're going go Dresden for sightseeing ? 
 Oh ! I see . I'll have the paperback , please , 	There are things that are actually even smaller than atoms . 
 But many girls nowaday do want to marry a man filthy with dough . 	Excuse me , waiter , would you please give us a menu ? 
 You bet it ! 	Why don ’ t you introduce him ? I wonder if we will become good friends . 
 I passed college English Test Band - 4 , with good skill in listening , speaking , reading and writing . I haven't got any certificate of computer skills , because I don ’ t think certificates are necessary if what's needed is merely operating a computer . I think , to know how to use a computer is more important . And I'm quite familiar with Microsoft Office 	Haven't seen you for a long time 
 I ’ m going to start taking classes at the local community college to try to improve my skills . Then I ’ ll start looking for a new position . 	Good evening , John . 
 OK , thank you . 	Excuse me , I ’ d like to buy a guitar.Could you recommend one ? 
 I'm Michael Smith from Eale Corporation.Pleased to meet you . 	Merry Christmas , sweetie . How's your brother enjoying Taiwan ? 
 The ones that are on sale are from Central America . 	Hello , are you Muriel Douglas ? 
 If that information is exact , I guess our company is willing to promote someone . 	What's today's date ? 
 Thank you . 	May I sit here ? 
 Of course , I'll get right on it . 	Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? 
 Thanks , Mary . You are real pal . I'll call now to set up an interview . 	Will you look at this form ? 
 You can say that again . 	We'd better have a brief talk about the loading port . 
 Definitely . It not only keeps me fit but also helps me concentrate on my soul . 	Hi , John , how was your vacation ? 
 I'll return at about 4:30 pm . See you then . 	The question is easy for everybody.Don ' t you think so ? 
 Good . You probably should be much better by tomorrow . 	I have a problem with my cable . 
 No doubt . 	Can I have the roll of film developed here ? 
 OK.let ' s go . 	How is he ? 
 No , thanks . I'm full . 	Hi Joe . You met my new assistant , right ? 
 Yes , because of fewer people . 	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not . 
 No . Please don ’ t . I couldn ’ t let you do that . 	I think I need a new notebook ... 
 I ’ ll look for a ticket for you , too . 	I went to Jessie's birthday party yesterday . It was very good . 
 You're so industrious . 	Hello ? 
 Thank you very much sir . 	Our maths teacher is rather humorous . 
 Not really , I am familiar with this area . 	Excuse me , do the buses stop here ? 
 Yes , you definitely will . 	Somebody , please answer the phone . 
 You are really a hen-pecked husband . 	Hi . This is the Customer Service . How can I help you ? 
 I've got whiskey and brandy but I need some beer and soda.That ' s all . 	You have an unusual accent , Mr . Robbins . Where are you from originally ? If you don ’ t mind me asking . 
 Then I'll see you in the parking lot at five ! Thank you ! 	May I have a menu , please ? 
 Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision . 	May I help you ? 
 I usually watch a lot of television before I go to bed . Maybe I should try something else to help me quiet down . 	Lodge , You must come around sometime , You have to check out my mew stereo . 
 That's because I went to school for each class when I was at school . So now I am much more clever than you . 	Now I understand . But I don't smoke or drink.So what am I supposed to buy in here ? 
 That's right . 	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon . 
 Duh ... That's the point . The people in the ads are wearing what's in . Plus , there are articles on new trends . 	Is this the right bus for the Grand Hotel ? 
 Yes , sir . 	When will our party be held ? 
 Well , thanks for the compliment anyway ! 	What should I prepare for the recruitment fair ? 
 Thank you . 	I would like to buy one round trip plane ticket to Hong Kong , please . 
 Well , the only thing you can do is pay the fee to recover your service . 	Do you like snakes ? 
 Ok already . I'll try . 	What would you like for dessert , sir ? We have a choice of cake or ice cream . 
 Now , how about going for a swim in the sea ? We shouldn ’ t sunbathe all day . 	I need a room for a few days . 
 I think TV is a great waste of time , so I would only have one small TV in the kitchen to watch the news in the morning . 	May I have a look at that vase , please ? 
 Whoa . 	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ? 
 Of course , sir . 	How much is this shirt ? 
 I'll say . The regular eighteen is just about all I can handle myself . 	Wow , Amy , look at that number . 
 Let's go ! 	Good morning , sir . How may I help you ? 
 Your two hands hold the pole , stand on the board , the other foot steps back against the ground and controls well the balance of the body , then you can ride in the air . It has a feeling of surfing . You need not let other people teach you . Your fear will disappear quickly . 	I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this . 
 No wonder his son is so clever . 	Are you satisfied with the dishes ? 
 Sure thing . 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 It's too late . 	Hello ! 
 Dress casually . 	I would like to have this laundry done . 
 Well , I guess for $ 400 a month I shouldn't expect an all bills paid apartment . 	Hi , who has the remote control ? 
 If one's available , please . But not over the wing . 	Where were you last night , at exactly nine twenty PM ? 
 But it's none of our business . 	Could you tell me what university you want to go to , John ? 
 That ’ s all right . Everyone feels under the weather sometimes . Just finish the rest when you feel well . 	I ’ m deeply grateful for all you ’ Ve done . 
 We both may be snakes , Dave , but I'm just better at it . Among the snakes , I'm the sneakiest . 	What's going on ? 
 Thanks . 	I'm sorry I'm late . 
 I see . 	Julia , I saw two men fighting beside our door this morning . 
 Next Saturday at the earliest . 	It's your turn , sir . I'm sorry that you've had to wait . 
 This situation isn't easy to handle . 	Excuse me , where are the canned goods ? 
 You are quite right . 	What should I get Uncle Teddy ? 
 Yeah , I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free . 	Mary , it seems that your family and friends have been calling you recently , am I right ? 
 7:00 , sir . 	Your garden is looking beautiful this summer . The flowers are really colorful . 
 Superb ! It's a 4 megapixel one and the photos it takes are very vivid and clear . 	What are your plans for the future if you are hired ? 
 Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you . 	Here's the schedule we've prepared . 
 Perrier , Jim Beam , apples , and grape juice . It will all be there shortly , sir . 	Hey , Zina . You're here early today . 
 Yes . This is your receipt . 	I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . 
 Thank you . 	Have you been served , sir ? 
 Yes , I could sing it when I was very young . 	what kinds of tv programmes do you enjoy watching ? 
 Certainly . Ok , got you . 	Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment . 
 Oh , I see . 	The academy is an important part of the education system . 
 In short , you should present the best of yourself throughout the interview . 	It is enough for today . Do you have any last question ? If not , thank you for taking your time to come to our interview . 
 I know.But I'd like to try.Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out . 	This man looks very handsome.Is he married ? 
 OK ! I'll call security . 	I am fed up the ready-made suit . Can you recommend me some stuff for me to make one ? 
 Unemployment in my country is a fraction of that . 	When should I come for work in the morning ? 
 I understand , sir . I'll call housekeeping . You'll have your souvenirs shortly . 	Have we met ? 
 Oh . In that case , I'll pay cash . 	Do you carrying fresh fish ? 
 That ’ s not a bad idea . Bet after all you should get some sound financial guarantee . 	How long will it take us to drive to London ? 
 Oh , yeah . I ’ m there ! 	Good afternoon . “ ginger ’ s restaurant ” . May I help you ? 
 Oh ... 	Could you show me some scarves ? 
 Yes , it's great for cleaning up spills . 	Thank God ! I am finished writing that service guide ! It took me forever ! 
 Well , I don't often use them , I wouldn't really know . 	Finding an excuse is obviously down your alley . And trying to avoid taking care of the children is what you are good at . 
 Certainly , just a moment , sir . 	I haven ’ t seen you in a while . How have you been ? 
 OK , I got it . 	Oh , honey . You came . I'm so glad ! Why are you wearing a bonnet ? 
 I'd like to go around the city , if you don't mind . 	Hello , I'm looking for a shop that sells inexpensive cashmere sweaters . 
 That's true.Just hope Wendy can recover from the pain of divorce soon . 	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ? 
 Anytime . 	Look ! Allen has the mike ! 
 OK . Sit down and I'll get it . 	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ? 
 To be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	Can I help you ? 
 I see . Well , there ’ s no rush . Please send it via priority mail . Please be extra careful , the contents of the package are fragile . 	David , do you think we are lucky to have the weekend ? 
 Good . I'll come back tomorrow , and we can then discuss it more specifically . 	Good afternoon , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 I know . But I just can't stand her butting in when I was trying to emphasize a point . 	Waiter ! 
 Oh , the history books are dull to me . 	Hello ? 
 If only he knew it . 	Couldn't you extend the delivery period by two weeks ? That would make things much easier for us . 
 Me , too . I hate to sit there and look at the same stage scenery one scene after another . 	When the interview finally comes to an end , the interviewee will probably breathe a sigh of relief . 
 Until next weekend . that ’ s ok . 	You look fresh recently . And .. what's your weight now ? 
 Wow , you're not kidding . Hold on a second . Hello , could you give us a hand , please ? 	Stewardess ! 
 Sorry , I'm very near sighted . 	Excuse me , I got a parcel arrival notice yesterday . 
 You are welcome . 	I want to know how to buy something from this machine . 
 Now that's a plus ! 	Excuse me , sir . What would you like to eat , Chinese food or western food ? 
 I absolutely agree with you . 	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ? 
 Yes , it is . 	I have a terrible toothache . 
 I hope so . Thank you . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 That's 7 dollars and 25 cents . You can get free refills with your coke . 	Good day , Madam . What service do you require today ? 
 Yes . Could you tell many balance ? Here's account number . 	Sally , I ’ m tired of this Western food . I really miss my mother ’ s Sichuan cooking . 
 It says ' Wet paint ! ' 	I would love to rent this apartment . 
 For instance , some products that do very well in Tokyo branch are a flop in Malaysia.We ' re talking about different people with different lifestyles and different needs . Each of the branches takes these types of things into consideration when they compile their reports and their marketing plans . 	Where's Tom this evening ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Excuse me , could you tell me whether there is a restaurant near here ? 
 I am really not sure . 	Where can I call a taxi ? 
 It ’ s absolutely incredible . I ’ ll take it . 	Good morning madam . What can I get you ? 
 I appreciate your understanding . 	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with your wife ? 
 It's my dream . 	How can I help you , sir ? 
 Never mind , dear . 	911 . How may I help you ? 
 It doesn't matter . Just do your best to sell yourself . 	How are we going to get there ? 
 I am a student engineer who mainly took charge of understanding of the mechanical strength and corrosion resistance of various materials . 	Does it look like a good fit ? 
 It's my pleasure . 	You ’ re a big fan of Andy Lau , aren ’ t you ? 
 Now it's my son's turn to wait . 	Put all baggage on the conveyor belt . Walk through the detector age one at a time , please . 
 How could he have such an ill intention ? I think your father can see that through . 	Wake up , it's time for school . 
 Yes darling . You are quite right . 	Can I help you ? 
 Okay , You are such a good talker . 	They must have got in through the kitchen window . 
 Ok . Don't forget to bring your umbrella . The rain can start up again anytime . 	Are you alright , Ethan ? You don't seem to be as cheerful as you normally are . 
 Birds of a feather flock together . 	You're not looking happy . What's the matter ? 
 We'll see . Anyway , I'll prepare some vegetarian food for the barbecue . See you then ! 	Could you help me ? 
 Okay . Thanks . 	I'm going to go to the concession stand and get some popcorn and Coke . 
 Sure . Many people , including men and women , and be easily ripped off . 	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ? 
 I hope so . 	I'm getting so paunchy that I'm afraid I have to buy a new belt to-morrow , and I think I must go on a diet . 
 Thank you . 	Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . 
 Black coffee is fine . 	Do I check in for the train D8 08 to Shanghai here ? 
 Okay.Thanks for your help . 	Hello , this is Francis from XYZ Company . I would like to discuss with you about a new project some time next week . Do you have time to meet ? 
 Bye ! 	Most people in Montreal speak French . 
 Well , mumm , they ... Time for a break ! We can talk about it when you get back . 	Hurry up , Daniel , it's Barbie time . 
 All right , see you . 	Good morning , how are you doing today ? 
 Oh , really ? Just a moment ... You paid with a ten-dollar note and I gave you ... Oh , sorry , here's a five left . I'm terribly sorry . 	Have you seen this ? 
 That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same . 	Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ’ d like to sign up for my courses for next semester . 
 This is sure to be a worthwhile read . 	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ? 
 Pleased to see you.too . 	Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? 
 Yes , I see . We will cancel your order . 	Do you have any hobbies ? What is it or what are they ? 
 OK , but they better tag lightly ! 	What do you think of when you're praying ? 
 You ‘ re welcome . 	I can't decide what I should do . 
 Too risky anyway.It ' s necessary to look before you leap . 	Houston restaurant . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	Well , how was the interview ? 
 They want to travel to Europe next year , and will visit us at the same Ae . 	Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ? 
 No wonder you never buy me a new dress . 	Honey , do you have a second ? 
 Ok . I'll take it . Here's the money . 	Hello . I'd like to change my reservation for March 19 . My name is Mary Chang . 
 You're right . Thank you for the advice . 	Oh ! My mouth is on fire ! 
 Over my dead body you are ! 	Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . 
 Uh , the movie of Tom Hanks . I know why it can't play . This is a DVD disk . 	So , Monica , what do you feel like doing this afternoon ? 
 Yeah , just fill out this form and choose a password . The computer will do the rest . 	Have you decided what you are going to take next semester ? 
 Sorry , sir . The angelica is out of stock now . 	Nowadays , ships and boats are no longer so important in transportation as they used to be . 
 Sure , it'll be on next Monday . 	Excuse me . I would like to purchase some travelers ' checks . 
 Sir , our guests are our reason for being . 	Something's wrong with my computer . 
 That ’ s all right . 	May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ? 
 It might seem that way , but this events were all carefully chosen based on marketing research . These are the events that our customers and potential customers care about . 	I'd like to have this shirt washed and ironed . 
 That's my good girl . The clothes need washing . I'll do the laundry . 	Why aren ’ t they are aware of the gravity of the situation ? 
 You said it . Many parents just don ’ t understand know how to educate their children . 	My brother joined the army last year . 
 No.That ' s all . 	What do you think of this coffee table ? 
 I ’ m glad you understand . 	How may I help you ? 
 Certainly , Sir . Via phone or Internet , any time , any place . 	Hey , let ’ s pull over and look at that house over there . 
 It's Valentine's Day . Come on . Just go . 	Have you heard about Jessica's party on Saturday ? 
 Okay . Thanks . Have a nice day . 	Can I bring you anything else ? 
 Around 30 minutes . 	London is such a historical city ! There ’ s history everywhere you look . There ’ s nelson ’ s column , built as a monument to one of the Britain ’ s great admirals and his important victory . He won the battle of Trafalgar in 1805 . 
 Oh , this is fine . 	Don't talk too much , Tom . We are on duty today , we should hurry up . 
 Well , surfing , scuba diving ... 	so , are you enjoying the performance so far ? 
 OK , I won't . 	How much shall I pay ? 
 Here ’ s the paper ; you can read them yourself . 	Do you plan to further your study ? 
 Here you go . Look in this flyer , or check with the produce person . 	good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? 
 That's a good idea ! 	Are you studying here ? 
 Yes , I will introduce the itinerary in detail . 	Oh Gush ! The first day of my career is over . I can not breathe now after dealing with so many documents . But I heard the notice that our company will hold two-week staff training . 
 Brilliant idea ! That will make our journey rewarding and much safer . 	I plan to buy a car this year . 
 Don't be silly , John . I'm going with you . It's necessary for me to have a holiday too . 	I'm so hungry ! Can you buy me a burrito ? 
 Oh , that's not everything . You're free on Friday and then on Saturday you're catching the 9 o'clock plane back to Guangzhou . 	Many congratulations on your winning the game . 
 There's a taxi rank over there , right outside the gate . 	May I help you ? 
 Yes , I can . To tell you the truth , I ’ m the best nearby . 	It's hot today , shall we go for a dip at the beach ? 
 Who knows ! That might come to later . 	I really hate to say this , but don't go away mad , just go away . 
 That ’ s why they often have long roots to find water spines instead of leaves , to reduce water loss . 	Do you know where Helen is ? 
 Yes . There's only a few seconds in a whole month . 	Hey , Karen . Look like you got some sun this weekend . 
 OK . Guess I have to do that before . I can make money my first withdrawal . 	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there . 
 I don't know . In Costa Rica , I taught adults.So it was a very different thing . So I really can't compare . 	Hi , Andy . I am going to Isabel ’ s . Are you coming ? 
 OK , I will do it right now . 	You are freaking me out . 
 Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry . 	As an existing banker , that will speed up the process . You said you had the documents with you ? 
 If the weather stays nice perhaps we can go to the beach this weekend.It ' s been a while since I've not really gotten some sun . 	Time flies ! 
 Thank you . 	You ’ re making my blood boil . 
 I'll make sure that management keeps you in mind for special projects in the future . Thanks for the help ! 	May I try on this pair of shoes ? 
 Thanks . 	Are you in favor of having a trip during the spring break ? 
 Well , really ! That was wonderful ! I felt no pain at all . Thank you , doctor . 	Ahhs ! I'm beat ! 
 I don't know . Check the flyer or check with the produce person . 	Where do you want to go this weekend ? 
 No , You can pay when you check out . 	You'd like coffee , wouldn't you ? 
 Lucky her . 	Ann ! Don ’ t you see the children are making so much noise here ? Why don ’ t you keep them occupied and out their mother ’ s hair ? 
 Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man . 	Hi , I have a reservation for flight 007 to New York . 
 What ! How am I supposed to get to school or go shopping ? This is not happening ! 	Good morning , Helen . 
 Thank you . 	Do you offer a course in business management ? 
 I ’ m sorry . I have no idea . I haven ’ t seen that for ages . 	Hello , I would like to buy some business cards . 
 There are so many ancient relics in China . 	Do you have experience in advertising ? 
 There is no need . We have the tour everyday . 	How long will it take to learn English ? Will I be able to take other courses next semester or will English take up all of my time ? 
 Nah ! It was cheap ! 	You won one million yuan in a lottery . What will you say ? 
 That is greatly appreciated and I hope you feel well enough to go to school tomorrow . 	Can you help me pick out a gift for my niece ? 
 I just felt that the paper couldn ’ t offer me any new opportunities . I really needed a more challenging role to be honest . 	What happened to your car ? 
 That ’ s fine . You shouldn ’ t make a hasty decision when choosing a pet . 	I was told to come to you to get a chest X-ray . 
 Ok . You drive and do be careful . 	Excuse me . Does this bus go by Tiananmen square ? 
 I'll take one , too . 	Excuse me , but do you have this T-shirt in size L ? 
 It's just you ! 	Hello ! 
 This way , please . Our car is waiting over there . 	There will be another sandstorm here tomorrow . 
 It ’ s not that much . Just watch ... I ’ m ok ... 	What do you plan to do for your birthday ? 
 You are welcome . 	Come on in . Make yourself at home . 
 I can ’ t help you with that . 	Did you hear anything about the robbery ? 
 But swimming in the winter is good for your body . Believe me . 	Let's start the interview with some questions . Tell me about yourself and your past experience . 
 That's for sure . 	Both of the two young ladies are the candidates for the position 
 You can find the most fashionable restaurants there . And also you can see the galleries , antique shops and the ballrooms . 	What shall we do tonight ? 
 That's amazing ! Really ? How could it change so much in two days ? 	Excuse me . I'd like to check out , please . 
 Thank you , ma'am . It's been a pleasure doing business with you . 	You're not looking happy.What ' s the matter ? 
 Anyway ... That ’ s all for today folks ! Join us next time as we talk about & quot , How to lose a guy in 10 days & quot , I ’ m sure you ’ ll love that one Dave ! 	What's the matter ? You don't look well . 
 All right , sir . Please reconfirm your ticket no later than 12 o'clock two days before the flight ; otherwise , your reservation will automatically be cancelled . 	Excuse me , may I help you ? 
 Nothing ' doing . 	Good afternoon , Mr.Chen . How are you ? 
 Now you're talking . 	I wonder if you could help me ? 
 Well . Don't forget to perform your duty next time , ok ? Now , let's start our lesson . 	Hello , Mr . Compton ? This is Susan Miller . 
 But his daughter is a very nice girl . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 That looks great . Do you have ties here ? 	Where is that ? 
 OK , thank you . 	Waiter , a table for two , please . 
 Okay . I'll write up the paperwork . 	What's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset . 
 Yes , I'll give you some pills . Take one a time and three times a day , and come back in three days . If you don't feel ... 	Is that the latest issue of Reader you're reading ? 
 I see . 	Excuse me . 
 See you . 	Hi , Mike . We're having a party tonight , wanna come join us ? You can bring your girlfriend . 
 Let's run up and give him a hand . 	Hello , this is Francis . 
 Please sign here . 	Well , we've been waiting for our luggage for about one hour . 
 Trust me , regular tune ups will keep your car running smoothly and avoid break downs . 	You have to help to the laundry today . 
 Sounds OK to me . I like movies . Hey , Joanna , look - there are a lot of decent-looking guys here . And the club jackets - they're really hot ! I think we made the right choice ! 	Hey , Cindy , I ’ m so sorry about yesterday . I shouldn ’ t have yelled at you in front of everyone . 
 Your company is well-known for its good corporate profile and rapid growing records . I want to work for a company that can display my abilities and talents . 	Yes , sir ? 
 Oh , thank you . Thank you very much . 	What did you think of the film ? 
 Thank you , sir . Hope to see you again soon . 	John seems to be in high cotton . He may well become a big shot . 
 You have good taste in music . 	What would you like to be in the future ? 
 That's true . We can not judge people by appearance . 	Are there many idioms in English ? 
 All right , I'll adjust the price accordingly . 	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project . 
 Well , let me know when you can get it fixed . I ’ d love to go for a ride in it ! 	The summer vacation is coming . Have you any plans ? 
 Get the jam and butter while you are in there ! Oh ! And don ’ t forget the syrup ! 	What is this ? I didn't order that . 
 Yeah . Anyway he is driving me mad . 	How long do you plan to stay here ? 
 No , not at all . 	Can you tell me where it hurts ? 
 Just a club soda for me , please . 	I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? 
 Of course not , it is made of pure silk . 	Excuse me . What's the time difference between Beijing and San Francisco ? 
 May be some other time . 	I didn't see you at Mr . Johnson's class today . 
 Ok , we would do as your requirement . And we ’ ll contact with you later ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 OK , I'll take it . 	Hi , Tony . You look unhappy . What's wrong ? 
 I like it too . But Sense and Sensibility is my favorite . 	Welcome home , Peter ! 
 That ’ s possible , but I ’ m not sure it would really happen like that . 	May I take your order ? 
 He is a dishonest man and always tells a cock and bull story . 	Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me . 
 no problem . Bob . 	It's getting late , and I have to go now . 
 I will give you a definite answer on the price terms two days later . 	Wow ! You look like a drowned rat ! Didn't you know there is a thunder-storm today ? 
 Really ? Thank you . 	What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! 
 That ’ s a good idea ! The kitchen will look amazing ! 	Did you hear peter just retired ? 
 Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise . 	How did you spend the weekend ? 
 Okay . Have it your way , but don't say I didn't warn you . 	Do you have anything to declare ? 
 OK , Sir . We will arrange it for you . 	Do you often do exercise ? 
 Let the universe find us instead of forcing love . We prefer natural love . The most important thing is to be happy . Love will find us later . That is what we say . 	This website offers very convenient air tickets booking service . It is quick and accurate . 
 OK . Let me try . 	Excuse me , Is there a hotel nearby ? 
 Oh , I see . 	We can't go that way , the road is blocked for the next few days . 
 You are welcome ! We are neighbors ! 	Hi , Ann . 
 Without doubt , rock is trash . 	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ? 
 Certainly.Just a moment , sir . 	What can I do for you ? 
 I came here only a month ago . 	Northward Airways , good morning . May I help you ? 
 Don't worry about it . 	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ? 
 And the host announced that he won it all ! 	Any idea about James ? He ’ s a pain in the neck . 
 No problem . Wait a moment . 	Let ’ s call it a day . 
 Hello . I ’ m calling about the one bedroom in Lincoln Park . Could I take a look at it ? Yes . Tonight at six is fine . Thanks . 	I heard that you went to the concert the day before ? How did you like it ? 
 Take your time , please . 	Good afternoon ! 
 Goodbye , and try not to miss any more school . 	Do you take vitamin pills regularly ? 
 I'm not sure , but I think it must be directed by Zhang You . That's typical of him . 	Don't be afraid . Give it a try . 
 What ? ! You did that ? ? ! ! ! 	Can I help you ? 
 I can't believe it ! 	Could you tell me something about investment environment of your country ? 
 well , I can ’ t just imagine it . 	May I have a reservation ? 
 Yes , that would be fine . Just make sure that everything is returned by Sunday night . 	Let's go to the animal shelter . 
 Shame on you ! 	Oh , no . It seems that I've lost my train ticket . 
 Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together . 	Should I ask Sara to the party ? 
 Here you are . Ms . Stevens is ready for you now . I ’ ll show you to her office , right this way . 	Hello , again . Did you discuss everything with your colleagues ? 
 Fairly expensive . 	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... 
 Now.Have you ever thought of going by express bus ? 	Hello , you seem a little lost . Can I help you ? 
 It's no problem at all . 	Shall we go for a drive today ? 
 You're very welcome . 	It's time to go to bed . 
 Just because you work for a week doesn ’ t mean that you will be losing your benefits . 	Excuse me , sir , this is the express check-out lane for people that have fifteen items or fewer . It looks like you have more than fifteen items there . 
 Great . She'll be so happy . 	Great . My favorite-soup , soup , soup ... 
 I think so . 	Did you pass the test ? 
 Thank you very much . 	You ’ re free to leave . 
 Bye . 	So click here , then up to the top . 
 I bet he is . He domed his own life . 	Look at the catalogue , John . I think I want to get this red blouse 
 Thanks . 	Alan , I believe you have studied our catalogue and price list . Are you interested in some of our products ? 
 Yes , okay . 	What is your favorite coffee ? 
 That give us a good lesson . 	What shall we do today ? 
 When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful ! 	The final examination will be held at the end of this month . Have you made good preparation ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello , this is IBA Bank . Maria speaking , how may I help ? 
 His parents must feel very happy . 	So , are we all ready to go ? 
 Ok , I'll meet you at the club at two thirty . 	I am sorry . I didn ’ t accomplish the job on time . 
 That's great . Let's go ! 	... I knew it . I always knew you were a lesbian ! 
 Yes , and then other qualitative factors , such as the transparency of your business operations , your credibility and the integrity of your management . 	What kind of books do you like ? 
 All right , see you later . 	What's going on ? 
 Thank you . That's a good idea . she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ? 	Hello . It's good to see you again , Ms Harrow , sending more money to your grandson today ? 
 Must be one smart guy . 	I've been looking forward to the new semester . 
 I don ’ t want to post my personal information on the internet . I ’ m not knowing who is reading it . 	Excuse me , are you American ? 
 You can wear that pretty red dress . 	Do you know that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks ? 
 OK.thank you . 	Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ? 
 Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them . 	I would like to get my driver's license today . 
 We usually tell each other where we are with various clients and potential clients . The boss assigns extra duties to people who she thinks can best deal with them . It ’ s also a chance to put forward su 	Here we are on the train . 
 Bye . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Yeah man , I ’ m starving ! 	John dates her seven times a week . 
 Yes . He's waiting for you in his office . This way , please . 	Hi , Bob . Can I have the book back I lent to you last month ? 
 That's okay . I like it better that way anyway . 	Come to think of it , there is one rule in this house , Mary . 
 The train station is indeed crowded . I think it ’ s hard for us to get on the train . 	I see you have bought the latest copy of “ beauty and fashion ” . Are there any interesting articles in it ? 
 Oh , I've no interest in such films . 	Are you busy next Saturday ? 
 Coke please . Oh , no , a cup of hot chocolate will be fine . 	Hi , Xavier . I'd like to go over the list of jobs for next week's maintenance shut . 
 And don ’ t ever forget it . 	I can ’ t believe Obama is our President . 
 Too bad I missed it . 	Excuse me , sir . I wonder if I could exchange the shoes for a larger one . 
 I see . 	What are you doing tonight ? 
 No wonder it's so expensive . 	Dan , Dan , dude . You have to come over to my house right now ! 
 I'm sure you'll enjoy your workout , sir . Everyone seems to like the swim stations . 	Hello , welcome to the International Business Counter , Sir . What can we do for you today ? 
 Cheer up , I hope you'll feel better soon . 	That ’ s really a let-down . 
 Couldn't be better . 	What a wonderful dinner ! 
 I will write you in on that doctor ’ s schedule . See you then . 	George , did you remember to buy me the book ? 
 I understand , sir . I ’ ll bring a doctor ’ s note in tomorrow . I am sorry , Mr . Thomas 	Good morning , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 No problem . Wish you a nice trip . 	Reciting texts really bores me to death . 
 Thank you for the calling . Bye-bye . 	That is a long line . 
 Yes , you may enjoy a seven-day holiday in the first year . After that , you can have two more days each year . 	Hey Lucas , how was your trip to Paris ? 
 It's a black leather one.There are my credit card and ID and some money . 	Room service.what can I do for you ? 
 I'm glad . I bet he won't make that mistake again . 	Where are you going ? 
 Oh , I ’ m crazy about them . 	Can you believe her ? She is not even a hundred pounds and she is going off on how she wants to go on a diet . 
 I think I am extroverted . 	Hello , this is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ? 
 Thanks . 	What do you think are the main causes of war today ? 
 I'm really sorry . 	You are going to be really jealous when you find out where I ’ m headed for the holidays ! 
 Don ’ t put me on the spot . You know , I can ’ t do that . 	Fixing computer isn ’ t my cup of tea . You can leave this job to Jason . 
 That sounds good . I think I'll have the same . 	Hello sir , how may I help you ? 
 No problem . 	Can I help you ? 
 Thanks a lot.here . 	Good morning , room reservations . Can I help you ? 
 No , I don ’ t like regular work . I am interested in different projects with new opportunities and new challenges , but I can do regular work if the company needs me to do so . 	How upsetting ! He has been away for a week ! 
 Okay , give me a week and I'll have time to get my pencil real sharp . I should have some new figures from Malaysia by then . 	Don't you think it's nice out ? 
 It's going to be 3 dollars 40 cents . 	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ? 
 Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's . 	He loves that blonde girl . 
 It doesn't matter . 	Hello . Is Bob there , please ? 
 What do you drink ? 	Have you finished ? 
 Yeah , that was close . 	What are you reading ? 
 Good idea . Remember to eat healthily too . The trainers at the fitness centre will be able to advise you on your diet . 	What's going on here ? 
 good luck ! 	I can't finish this steak . 
 The requirements are strong communicational skills , management and work assiduously . And you have to handle the recurring crisis good-humoredly and discreetly . 	Sam , you ’ Ve got to forgive me . 
 I'd like to , but I'm tied up with my paper . 	I really like the record you lent me the other day . 
 Next time you come in here , I will recognize you . 	So the apartment comes unfurnished ? 
 Here you are , Miao Ping . Don't laugh at the horrible photo today , OK ? 	How do I make a good impression in the interview ? 
 That ’ s expensive . 	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card . 
 Thank you very much . I will devote all my efforts to my work . 	Hey , Devi , have you thought about where would you like to go to dinner on Friday for your birthday ? 
 Does it ever ! Well , let's get started . If you could begin typing this letter now , I'll see what else needs to be done . 	Good coming , sir . 
 Needless to say . 	Could you copy this document for me ? 
 Yes . Thank you for inviting me . 	Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ? 
 As a matter of fact , he is . 	Excuse me , can I have an earphone please ? 
 I totally understand . 	Can you give me a hand , Tom ? 
 Let's look at them all.Have you got a paper there ? 	Have you moved into your new house yet , Michael ? 
 Sure . 	Excuse me ! 
 Ok , here you are . 	I've been so stressed these days . 
 Goodbye , Randy . Take care . 	Hello . I was wondering if Taylor Smith has checked out yet ? 
 You will be going northwards . You are now in the the Western part of the city and the Allied Irish Bank is situated in the North East . Here's a rough sketch of the area . 	Hello , sir . What can we do for you today ? 
 Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol ! 	I can't wait until my car is repaired . The commuting with public transportation is killing me . 
 Okay , I'll follow your advice . 	I'd like to make a reservation to Los Angels for next Monday . 
 Thanks for calling . 	I think I'm going to go get some food . 
 He ’ s just got no idea of how good you are . 	You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English . 
 My graduation thesis is on International Trade . 	Hey , Shirley . The party has been wonderful . My husband and my children have enjoyed it very much , and me too . 
 I think I will . 	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ? 
 Great . Thank you . 	Are you ready to go to the bank ? 
 It's not so hot as it is here . 	Have you any tour route to Budapest ? 
 To hell with you . 	What's wrong with you ? 
 I need to make six copies of this report for the Board Meeting tomorrow . Ring Office Supplies and ask if they have any in stock . If they can't deliver this afternoon , I'll go and collect it . 	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ? 
 Ok , just follow me . 	Operator . 
 You should have a try . 	John dates her seven times a week . 
 Here's your receipt . Have a nice day . 	What kind of music do you like listening to ? 
 Well , we order appetizers first and then entrees . 	This place is so quiet and peaceful . It ’ s really different from my pad at city . 
 Here's your change . Thank you . 	I'm going crazy . 
 Thanks , dear . I feel so tired after a whole day's work . 	Good morning . Wilson Association . 
 No , mom , I can manage it by myself . His help just causes more trouble . 	Can you help me , please ? 
 OK , we promise to do it well . 	Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 He wouldn't say over the phone . 	Did you lock the doors ? 
 Thanks doc , bye ! 	I'd like to reserve a table for three at 6:30 this evening . 
 Exactly ! 	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ? 
 That was it ! Thank you for coming in today . 	Yes , sir . What'll it be for you ? 
 You are quite right . 	Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late . 
 Don't be addicted to the game . It's not good for your job . 	Hello . Green Trading Company . What can I do for you ? 
 Yes , but I'll bet she won't again . 	excuse me ? How can I get to the nearest branch of the national bank ? 
 Victory for me , I bought it for 30 bucks just yesterday ! 	John , you look pale . What happened ? 
 Thanks very much . 	Excuse me , sir . Can I look at your ticket ? 
 Time sure flies , doesn't it ? 	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ? 
 That's fine . 	I love ice cream . 
 The ones that are on sale are from Central America . 	I need your help , Bob . 
 Only 2 dollars and 25 cents . 	I heard you are going to move . 
 You'd better remember your promise . 	Mary , I've some bad news for you . 
 OK . Let's go American . Where's the nearest McDonald's ? 	Excuse me , do the buses stop here ? 
 I promise . 	Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . 
 Thanks for the warning , Mom . 	Did you hear who won the English speech contest ? 
 I can't agree more . 	Mr . Jackson , I've drafted a schedule for your business trip next week . You may have a look . 
 ok ! I ’ ll bring one to you next time . 	Hello ! How do I get online with my laptop ? 
 Don't worry . We'll just get a doggie bag . 	How do you get road news ? 
 I promise ! 	You have done an excellent job this year and we are pleased with the results . 
 See you . 	We are redecorating and I'm going to add some things . 
 My prize was for the best player in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously . 	Hello , Bill.May I borrow your pen ? 
 I don't know , but you know how to surround yourself with great friends ! 	Have you followed the value of dollar lately ? 
 I'm sorry , I overslept . 	Miss Gray , would you please type this report for me ? 
 Let's go there for lunch ! I'm up for an adventure ! 	Hello 。 this is Susan . 
 Great ! This calls for a celebration . 	I think your speech was excellent . 
 Its very helpful . The course has let me into a world of literature . I read so many great literatures . 	What's the news on our website ? How effective do you think it is from a marketing standpoint ? 
 High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations . 	David , I am going for an interview tomorrow . It's an American company . Can you give me an idea of what the interviewer will ask ? 
 Goodbye . 	I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ’ re famous , so everyone loves them . 
 Last time I tried a pin curl perm and a foam permanent . Set the wave a little looser than usual , please . 	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair . 
 Thanks a lot . 	I'm really tired of my job in the bank . I'm thinking about changing it . 
 We have some inspections , but it is very hard to avoid pollution when extracting oil . There has been some damage , but it is under control . 	You look very professional in the suit . 
 Four times might be enough . Not once or twice . 	Mr . Chandler will be our new partner , so his visit this time will be extremely important for our cooperation in future , because it may decide whether Mr . Chandler sign the trade contract with us or not . Do you have some idea ? 
 Hello , Bob . 	Your house is too small . Why not buy a big one . 
 A lot of people do . I'll try it for a while anyway , but I certainly don't want to pay a lot of parking tickets . 	Hello , who is speaking , please ? 
 We'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square ! 	All I do all day is work and watch TV . I really should start thinking about my health . 
 I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians ! 	Excuse me , is this the way to the Great Wall ? 
 Yes , I do . Thank you . 	Could you come and help me mend the computer , Neel ? 
 That's all right . 	I can't decide whether to go to university or to get a job . 
 Please hurry . 	What would you like for Christmas ? 
 Come on , guy . Maybe she isn't your right person . 	Did you go to school today ? 
 Oh , thank you . Thank you very much . 	Would you like me to type it for you ? 
 No problem . Thank you for hiring me , I am very proud to be employed by your company and I will come in at eight o ’ clock sharp Monday . 	Excuse me , Richard ? Are you busy at the moment ? 
 You are welcome . 	What ’ s the date today ? 
 That's not a problem . Have a nap if you can . You don't know how tight the schedule is for this business trip . 	Hello , Room Reservation Service . May I help you ? 
 You ’ re right . 	I want to send some money to Nanchang . Is it handled here ? 
 All right . I'll bring your soup right away . 	What time is it , Tom ? 
 By doing whatever is necessary . 	I am exhausted . I need some sleep . 
 Don't mention it . 	Come on.Plenty of room upstairs.Fares please ! 
 They sure can . Maybe they can interact with men better than monkeys and apes . 	I still have a question to ask you . 
 She was pretty , her hair was the color of rich dark chocolate , waving gently to her shoulders . Her complexion was clear and golden . 	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ? 
 Yeah , yeah , whatever . 	Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ? 
 It ’ s still up in the air . There is something wrong between us . 	we'd like to rent a flat near the university . 
 The cops arrested him before he could even make it out the door . 	Diana , do you like the perfume I gave you ? 
 My boots ? Er ... Sure , ok . 	May I speak to Mr.Huang , please ? 
 I beg your pardon ? 	How much did you pay for the TV ? 
 It ’ s about time ! 	Hi , I ’ m the superintendent of this building . What can I do for you ? 
 Hmm . Perhaps it should be the only important thing . But it isn't . Not in this company . 	There's a concert in Capital Theatre this Sunday . 
 All right , then let's begin . 	Excuse me , sir . I would like to buy a bag of tissue paper and shoe cream . 
 That'll be ¥ 150 . 	Is this our bus stop ? 
 I understand . While it's always good to follow the local customs , I guess there are exceptions . 	I'll see you in Sterlet , then . 
 By sea . 	Excuse me , can you show me the cloisonn bracelet in the counter ? 
 No , you don't . We'll take care of it . 	Have you ever played Making ? 
 Oh , my shoes pinch me . Let's find a seat and sit a while . 	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about . 
 No problem , ma ’ am . 	Hey there Chris , what are you up to ? 
 Ok , thank you.Goodbye . 	Hello . Did you enjoy the tour of our new premises ? 
 Good for you , Leslie ! 	Have you bought War Craft 2 yet ? 
 Next time , you can get one from the counter over there . Or before you come in , you can download one from our website . It's really easy . 	How do I set up an E-mail account ? 
 I'm glad you saw the reason . 	Jack , what are you doing ? 
 It's not expensive . OK . I'll take them . 	Did you enjoy the restaurant ? 
 Thank you . 	Are you ok , Chuck ? You look pale . 
 All right , It's a date . 	I want to get on the bus already . 
 Thank you . Your confirmation number is 611273 . 	Would you like to drink some coffee ? 
 Twenty yuan . 	Would you show me this brooch ? 
 Well , then the cafeteria suits you best . But anyway , if you like to have a lunch outside the company , feel free to join me anytime . 	Honey . The cottages harmonize well with the landscape.That tourist resort is worth travelling to . 
 Yikes ! Thanks for your interest in this job . We ’ ll be getting back to you . 	This is the Pan-American Club.May I help you ? 
 Yeah , it's hard to believe but true . 	It's a sunny day , isn't it ? 
 I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management . 	I am not sure how to add a class . 
 It's a one-bedroom , one-bathroom apartment . 	This looks like a nice restaurant . 
 Thank you , sir . We will phone you as soon as we have a vacant table . 	Good morning , Mr Croft . 
 That ’ s right Bill . We will have more later on today on the six o ’ clock news . That ’ s the weather forecast for this morning . 	Do you have the letter of approval of employment ? 
 Okay . That will be thirty-four dollars and fifty cents . 	I wonder if you could help me , I'm looking for a room . 
 Congratulations , I hope everything works out . 	It seems that you are an optimistic man who doesn't dismay easily . That is what a good salesman needs . Good luck . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Your search on this project has been excellent . 
 Good-bye . 	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ? 
 Hey , thanks , mum . 	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me . 
 Just plug in a peripheral CD or floppy drive and you're ready to go ! 	Did your meal meet with your approval ? 
 Just tell me what you'd like me to do . 	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you . 
 I like peace.As a matter of fact , I once had a job in a library . 	i saw lily for the first time . and fell like i'v been struck by lightening.she is a girl of my dreams . i have a date with her on Friday , but i really can't decide what to do . 
 OK . I'll take the blue one . 	Can I see the paper when you're through , Sally ? 
 Fair enough ! 	What are you doing for Christmas this year ? 
 I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant . 	What do you think is harder , reading or writing ? 
 Will you make some recommendation ? 	Excuse me , ma'am , can I help you find anything ? 
 Lulu . Lulu . Say hello . hello . Oh , she is so smart . Good bird . 	We'd like to have a look around your house ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	Do you think children watch too much Tv ? 
 Help will be there in just a few minutes . 	Are you going home now ? 
 No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room . 	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how have you been ? It ’ s been such a long time ! 
 Again , you need to think carefully . If you don't trust others online , have nothing to do with them . 	Long time no see , George ! 
 This one fits me well but it is too expensive , can you make it a little cheaper ? 	Cigarette ? 
 That's wonderful . I will see the Old Faithful for myself . 	Welcome . How can I help you ? 
 Mmm , that sounds very interesting . 	Who ’ s that ? 
 Well , you have three hearts — lucky in love tonight . Dress up and go on a date ! 	How much is it to rent an economy car ? 
 You're welcome . 	Well , that was an interesting documentary ! 
 You're so kind . 	That was a beautiful car . It ’ s a new car , but it ’ s totaled . 
 Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it . 	I am looking for some information about home stay . 
 I've never been to Disneyland . I went to Universal Studios when I was fifteen . My parents took my brother Franco and I to Los Angeles and San Francisco.Wish you and Janet love each other more . 	Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ? 
 I can speak and read Cantonese because I worked in Guangdong for many years . 	I'm phoning about the factory visit next Friday . What should I do when I arrive ? 
 If you're staying at our hotel , you may sign the bill . 	What are you thinking about ? 
 Usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . They meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . They provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line . 	Hello , Sir , may I help you ? 
 Oh , I think I should try to read one . 	What a lovely day . The sun is shinning and the sky is so blue . It's a perfect day to go to the beach and get a beautiful tan . 
 We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales . 	Can you give me a ride back home ? 
 But Ann .. 	Hi , long time no see . How have you been ? 
 And we'll have a great turkey dinner at around four o'clock . My brother and his family will be joining us . I look forward to meeting them . Well , it's late , so I'll say good night . I'll see you early tomorrow , so I can share your Christmas morning.Good night ! 	I cannot ignore her suggestion . In fact I always value her suggestion . 
 Because I have other obligations . 	I have to move . 
 No joke ! That's why she hasn't married yet . 	I was wondering if I could collect unemployment benefits . 
 Yes . We all loved the celebration of our city's birthday . It made the people feel so proud of our city . 	I'm sorry , Julia ! I can't get home early this evening . 
 Be sure . I'll make a note of that . Everything will be taken care of . And if there is anything more you need , please let us know . 	Do you get up early every morning ? 
 I don't think that Myra should have spoken so rudely to the teacher . I know she was angry , but that's still no excuse for rudeness . 	Well , humans could never make something like that . 
 Yes , but he should bush it off as if it were not a big deal to him . 	I cannot understand why she always helps and supports her brother . 
 Just don't stay out too late . 	hi , I'm Lucas , I just moved in next door . 
 That's fine . But you have to pay another $ 10 . 	Dad , why are you taping the windows ? 
 Oh , Thank you very much ! 	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ? 
 Great . Talk to you then . 	Why did your parents make you stay at home ? 
 Thank you for coming , Ms.baker . 	What would you like to do tonight ? 
 OK . I'll see you then . 	Do you know what exporters consider ? 
 Excellent . I ’ ll see you on Thursday at 9 30 . 	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand ! 
 Let's congratulate him on Sunday . 	We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances . 
 Umm . yeah ! Right ! I got the car started ! Thanks for your help ! I told you to fill the tank ! 	Lily thinks that the job takes a back seat to the family after she is married . 
 Yes , my first marriage was a failure . 	Could you please cover for me two hours this morning ? 
 OK , I'll take one . 	Can I have the check please ? 
 That give us a good lesson . 	You know that this afternoon's meeting is cancelled , right ? 
 Thank you . 	I have talked a lot about your restaurant business and your friends with my friends . One of my friends seems to be on good terms with Sue . 
 All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables . 	What did her boss say to you ? 
 Great . Now can I check out this book ? 	Good afternoon , sir . Please sit here . 
 Thanks . 	Hello . Can I talk to David ? 
 OK . 	I saw on TV that there is an entertainment item , bungee in Beijing Longtanhu Park . Except that the height is not exiting enough . 
 You're going to like him . Everybody says he's a nice guy . 	Hey , The Cosby Show is on ! 
 Thank you , sir . Enjoy your stay with us . 	Excuse me , could you tell me where I can get a shopping basket ? 
 Soup does the body good , sweetie . It's what you need when you're under the weather . 	What are we going to eat for dinner ? 
 Great , let ’ s go ! 	Well , tell me something of yourself . 
 Okay . 	Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ? 
 Oh baby , I ’ m so sorry . 	Good afternoon . Thank you for the opportunity to interview for this position . 
 It is very kind of you . I'm so moved by you . 	I really need to start eating healthier . 
 Mom ! I was just picking my nose , and now it's bleeding . 	A friend told me might find a room here . 
 OK , I see 	I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me . 
 I don't know ... Well , maybe , you're right , but how am I going to tell her ? 	This is going to surprise you , but I'm happy . I think you're making the right move . 
 All right . See you tomorrow night . 	May I help you ? 
 Ok . See you later . 	Excuse me . Where are you going ? 
 All right , we'll wait for your answer . 	Would you like to see our new shirts ? 
 Certainly , Mr . Murphy . Could you come to my office this afternoon at 2:30 ? 	Well , I'm glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I'm really not in a position to make a decision right now . 
 It's a really useful piece of equipment . It's for smoothing rough edges . Here let me show you how it works . It's very simple to operate . 	Can you send someone to fix my internet ? 
 I see . 	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? 
 That would take care of it , thank you . 	Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination ? 
 It could be that , or maybe you are eating too many sweets . In any case , I ’ ll administer an anesthetic and you won ’ t feel a thing ! 	Why are you up so early , Mary ? 
 Don't worry . I'll be there right on time . 	You seem to be unhappy . What happened ? 
 I do want to send it airmail , yes . 	May I help you ? 
 A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you ! 	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one . 
 That is good to hear ! 	Do you think what I did to Elvin was out of line ? 
 Sounds good . 	I ’ Ve just looked over your resume and I must admit I am quite impressed . 
 Actually , I'd prefer not to be . 	Alice , it really was great . I think it was the most interesting thing here . You really should go in . 
 I believe in that . Well , the performance is about to begin . Let's be quiet . 	Welcome to the International Business Department . How can I help you ? 
 That sounds pretty good . OK , I'll change 500 USD today , thanks . 	What's the matter ? 
 That's great . Thank you very much . 	What would you like to drink ? 
 Well , I don't think it matches my jeans.Can you give me some advice ? 	Good afternoon , Ladies . May I help you ? 
 You're welcome . 	Could you do something to advance your time of shipment ? 
 Yeah , I really know the feeling . I can ’ t wait to graduate so I can get a good job and earn my own money . 	Professor wang can I ask a few questions ? 
 Oh , I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it . 	I heard you received a prize for you book . 
 It is a color TV . You know , the rich people like the digital one now . So they have no room for them . 	Waiter ! 
 Are you deaf or what ? 	Can I have my money back on this skirt ? 
 Yes , but he ’ s got a wife and 3 children as well . 	How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ? 
 But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons . 	Wei , you look really tired . 
 No problem . Next time , just pay closer attention . 	Hi , you said that you might need some help with preparing dinner.What would you like me to do ? 
 Good luck ! 	Hello and welcome . How may I be of service ? 
 Bye . 	I don't think we come here at a right time . 
 Certainly.Please sign your name here . 	Get up , you lazybones ! 
 That ’ s why many people look up to him . 	My battery's flat in my mobile . 
 OK , I will bring it to you in a moment . 	It's the Cygnet Trust . 
 Hello ? Is the real Taylor in there ? 	Excuse me , ma'am . Can you tell me where the nearest postoffice is ? 
 Sure . you can get a further discount at 5 % . 	By the way , can you tell me where I can find a restaurant not ? 
 Yeah . I can live with it . It ’ s great to be living alone . 	Do you have any shoes like these ? 
 Good news . Thanks for getting things done so quickly . 	The bridegroom looks a bit nervous . 
 That's my job ! Is there anything else I can assist you with ? 	Hey Matt . I just got a job at a consulting firm . 
 Fine , I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday . 	Ok , so who are we going to invite to our dinner party ? 
 He makes me sick . 	Haven't run into you for ages ! 
 Thank you . Here is the ticket and receipt . Have a good time . 	What are you doing , Steven ? 
 Thanks a lot ! 	Excuse me ? 
 That's because you are always fixing your eyes on the bald . 	The portions here are man sized . We usually end up taking half of the meal home with us . 
 And I'm glad to meet you , too . 	Should I tell EDD that I have found a job ? 
 I ’ m not going to accept this excuse . You ’ re using these small technical glitches as a crutch and trying to rationalize the fact that you ’ Ve missed your deadline . Look , we have standards and I expect you to live up to those standards . No more phoney cases . If you ’ re in over your head , you tell me . No more missed deadlines . Now , I want that data on my desk by nine am ! 	I need something to eat , please . 
 We cannot judge a man totally by that . 	This is a precious opportunity for us and our company . 
 I like doughnuts . 	Hey , Mr Brown . How are you ? Look at that smile on your face ! 
 Oh , its nothing . 	Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? 
 Oh , that is a shame . He is really hard working . 	Let's go to Wangfujing by bus . 
 In a word , gambling is a vice . We should be away from it . 	Could you tell me what university you went to , Mr . Smith ? 
 I intend to stay at home for the whole seven days and have a good rest . 	OK , Devon , I've been putting on a few pounds and you're quite a lean fit guy . 
 Just as usual , you know . 	Oh , they all went out ! Did you make a wish ? 
 Oh , congratulations ! 	Do you think the weather will be good this weekend ? 
 Thank you . 	How many languages can you speak ? 
 No wonder you didn't get my texts ! 	Fastback Travel . How can I help you ? 
 Thanks for reminding me . She's the right person to help me . 	What's bothering that guy ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Hi , Becky , what's up ? 
 Just bring along whatever it is that you and Jake would like to drink . 	Would you like to go to work or continue your studies after graduation ? 
 I wonder what he'll name it . 	How about the matter ? 
 Yes , but I don't like the story . 	What's the matter with my wife ? 
 I think you should enlarge your circle of real life friends , and then the right person will come along . 	Mom , I don't feel well . 
 I realize that but I needed to make a decision . 	Bob , how about joining the boxing club this summer vacation ? 
 Yes , that ’ s right , you have the job now . 	Do you like reading magazines ? 
 I really appreciate your help . 	Good morning , Passport , please . 
 Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days . 	I will be accompanying you on your tour today to visit our company . This is the assembly line . These drawings on the wall are process sheets . They describe clearly how each process goes on to the next step . 
 I sure hope so . 	I can't believe that . 
 That's not fair ! 	Passport and Embarkation card please . 
 My bad , but at least we know the right bus to take us back . 	Does this bus go to Fisherman's Wharf ? 
 She's going to kill you . 	Hey , Philip ! You won ’ t believe this ! 
 Since you have booked . Then let ’ s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand . 	John's very late.Do you think he's coming ? 
 That ’ s all right . Thank you all the same . 	I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door . 
 Yes . 	Can you tell me what's included in your warranty ? 
 It seemed to be useless to study well when we were young if we examine his case . 	We ’ re going to the movies . Will you join us ? 
 Nope . We just hope our employees will make profit for us . 	I ’ d like to post this letter to Korea . 
 Oh , shut up.She ' s already got married . 	I can ’ t believe these skirts are so cheap . 
 OK . A reservation for eight at7 : 30 , Room 208 . Please don't be more than half hour late , or we will have to give it to other guests . 	I heard you are looking for a house . 
 But anyway , I'll have a try . 	I was scared stiff of giving my first performance . 
 It's all or nothing . 	I'm going to let Bob know about the merger . 
 Yes , Doctor William said that he could come back to work ASAP . 	I really hope to reach an agreement with you today that is suitable and beneficial for us both . I've thought through a lot of these details , and I hope we can have a chance to discuss them and resolve any differences this afternoon . 
 Thank you . Goodbye . 	How is the college search going ? 
 That ’ s a good idea ! The kitchen will look amazing ! 	Have you heard we'll have a pay rise ? 
 No problem . 	Here . Keep the change . 
 Thank you for all your patience . 	My TV hasn't got a clear picture recently.How ' s yours ? 
 Sure . 	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific ! 
 Oh , no.On the contrary , there are many beautiful days , especially in the spring and fall . 	Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . 
 Nothing , thanks . I am just not in the mood these days . 	Martin . 
 Thanks very much . I appreciate it . 	Hey , Ray , what are you doing right now ? 
 Oh , it is beyond my purse . 	I can ’ t believe it ! 
 I hope I will meet her soon . 	Reservation , may I help you ? 
 This is the latest design for our products . The design of I-series keeps the fashion in a close way . The sales volume of the new product is about 50,000 per month . And we received many orders from many clothes companies . New functions and attractive outlook are the key points for our products . 	What time shall I pick you up ? 
 You're such a neat freak ! I'm outta here ! 	Good morning ! 
 You can always look an extension up on the company website . 	Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help . 
 Thank you so much . 	What are you going to have ? 
 I don ’ t mind if you want to . 	Jack , I think it's best that I actively ask for the results of interview . 
 I agree with you . Only in this way can we ease the traffic problems . 	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to find some books on social science ? 
 No . I need a rest ! 	We're going out to dinner and then to the movies . 
 We could give you an uncite office , as well as potential to develop your own contracts in Japan.At the same time , after helping with our project , we will be willing to split our profit with you . 	May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ? 
 That's terrible . 	Is there any ticket for New York left ? I want to go coach . 
 Thanks a lot . I'll be there tomorrow . 	Now let me tell you your definite duties in this office and this is your desk . Please sit down . 
 As a matter of fact , you are really a terrific photographer . 	It's nice and bright today , isn't it ? 
 No problem . Good night . 	Mr . Johnson ’ s office . Cindy speaking . 
 OK , I'll have it for change . 	I want to open an account . 
 Far more than that , I dare to say ! Inland provinces and cities , Hong Kong and Macao , as well as many countries and regions in the world have an exhibition area of their own to display their unique flowers and plants . Each month there's a special day for a particular country or region , and folk performances are given . You will feel it a great pity if you missile Kunming Expo . 	What's the price for that suit ? 
 This is interesting , Ms.Parker . 	This house is very nice for me , but I can ’ t afford it in a lump sum . 
 Count me out . I can do without shills and snipers and turbo-bidders . 	I hate working on Christmas Eve ! Whoa ! Get a load of this guy ! Come in central , I think we ’ Ve got ourselves a situation here . 
 I just want to visit the family some day . 	Excuse me , is this seat taken ? 
 Everyone is doing great . My sister finally had her baby . 	So Kevin , what is your type ? 
 I just want to get it over with . 	Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have . 
 Let ’ s just hope my teacher agrees . 	How about this floor lamp ? 
 Have a seat please while I call . 	Hello , excuse me ! 
 I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball . 	What do you mean his grandmothers are already dead ? Wait a minute , you don't think he's avoiding me , do you ? 
 Oh , please . Only once lend your new car to me . 	Adam , could you show me around the school ? 
 Never believe his words . 	Excuse me , where can I find a guide ? 
 $ 80 . 	Hello . 
 Bye , Jason . 	What's wrong with you , young man ? 
 I hope so . Thanks . 	I hear Fred is a very good student in your class . 
 Not for soft drinks . But we charge ten yuan for each alcohol order . 	Don't take too much off . I'm trying to grow my hair longer . 
 That's a secret . 	I'd like to make an appointment with manager Mr.Wu . Would 10:00 a . m . tomorrow be all right ? 
 All right . 	What's the time now ? 
 No . That ’ ll be all . 	All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ? 
 For about 3 hours . Enjoy your trip . 	I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people . 
 Would you mind my keeping it for another week ? 	Mom , can I watch TV ? 
 No problem . See you this afternoon . 	I've moved . 
 I'll call the tourist information centre to check . 	Ladies and gentlemen . It's about time to land in New York . Here are a couple of forms for you to fill out . 
 Unfortunately , you'll have to go to the computer lab for your printing needs . 	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ? 
 Very well , Go ahead . 	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again . 
 OK . 	Can I help you , ma'am . 
 Yes . I will . 	Did you check the internet for next week's weather forecast ? 
 Maybe you should ask him openly . 	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ? 
 John is a peacemaker.He simply doesn ’ t bother.He says he should give him a free hand . 	Hi Isabel ! You wanted to see me ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Good morning , sir ! Can I help you ? 
 At least 20 days . 	What are you here for today ? 
 sure , it's the ad circled with a red pen in the middle of the classifieds . Good luck ! 	This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture . 
 Certainly , sir . We can wait another day or two . 	How many do you intend to order for our shirts ? 
 Thank you . 	Welcome back . 
 Don't mention it . 	Mark ? I need that file you took yesterday . 
 Thank you ! 	Hey , May , how are you doing ? 
 That ’ s definitely true . I ’ m going to have to give you a ticket . Please remember to drive more carefully next time . 	I'm terribly nervous . 
 We share the same bathroom , in other words . 	Which kinds of meat are most popular in your country ? 
 No problem . 	Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? 
 Don't make a fuss.The price is rising 	Did you ever get a parking ticket ? 
 That's great ! 	I just have to come up for air . I ’ Ve been here for too long a time . 
 What a shame that we can't take pictures . 	Do you like the room ? 
 So are Copernicus and many others . 	I don't know , but he gives me the creeps . 
 Of course ! That's why I always say , Eat , drink and be Greek ! 	Thank you for coming to see me off . 
 A goal ! 	I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM . 
 Here's your receipt . Have a nice day . 	Hello , Sir . Can I help you with anything ? 
 No , I ’ Ve already been here for 3 interviews . 	Do you want to buy a sweater ? 
 There's a large wooden crate in the corner which I haven't unpacked yet . It might be in there . 	I feel that Bob ’ s father-in-law is a hard nut to crack . 
 You can ’ t imagine what he is like now . 	Happy birthday , Ms . Lin . Here is a present for you . 
 My birthplace is Yentai . 	That was a nice funeral . 
 I guess the fax machine is out of paper , too . Don't worry , I'll have someone look at it this afternoon , and in the meantime , I'll have your documents re-faxed to our other fax machine . 	Hello ! So , you're back . Do you have everything with you ? 
 That ’ s a good idea . I ’ m really looking forward to redoing my bedroom . 	Did you find what you were looking for ? 
 I usually go on holiday during the spring or the autumn . I try to go somewhere where the weather is more reliable than in my city . 	I wonder if you can help me . I ’ m looking for a room . 
 Sure . The main courses I took included commercial accounting , cost accounting , industrial accounting , electronic accounting , and so on . 	This way , please . We've got a nice private for you . 
 Everything appears to be in order . Thank you for your time . 	Why don't you have dinner with me tonight ? 
 I'd like to , but I must run to a meeting . 	Whoa . Now I'm awake ! Zina has a secret admirer . 
 Yes . But if I have any more soup , I think I'll die . 	Who has been here already this morning ? 
 I didn ’ t know that . I ’ ll go look right now . 	Would you like some cake ? I made it myself . 
 Let's meet on Friday to discuss your progress . Give me your e-mail address ... umm , I mean addresses ... We'll be in touch . 	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? 
 Great . I'll see you on the 7th . 	Where are we headed now ? 
 At the drop of a hat . 	Hey , your Chinese is coming along ! 
 Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner . 	I would like to buy a black suit . 
 Good . He is a man of high standing . I think we can grant the loan you need after some further discussion . But I suggest you borrow on overdraft instead of on loan . 	Hi , welcome to Hal's Computer World . Can I help you with anything ? 
 OK , I'll give it a go . 	Is Tom here ? 
 Great ! Phew ! That was a close one ! You had me going there for a minute I thought I was gonna have to slap some sense into you . 	Where is some fresh produce that's on sale ? 
 Yes . 6710121 3 . Benjamin . 	Susan has got the cancer of stomach . 
 Ok . You drive and do be careful . 	I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible . 
 OK . That's fine . 	I'm really mad at Bob . 
 Yes . Twice . 	I need to eat something . 
 I hope you haven ’ t invited any vegetarians . 	Did you sign up for the picnic party ? 
 Really ? He looks so young . 	Have you ever found yourself in a situation when you have to lie to people who trust you ? 
 I would look so cool carrying this around ! 	Excuse me , but could you give me some change ? 
 Please drop it at the front desk when you leave the hotel . 	What do you think are the most important things to do when running a business ? 
 Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice . 	how do you feel about wearing name logos or slogans on your clothing ? 
 No.The time we have spent apart has been good for us.Absence makes the heart grow fonder . 	Betty , something is burning . Can you smell it ? 
 Let's look at them all . Have you got a paper there ? 	What is up ? 
 She certainly has the taste . 	What's the matter with you , Paul ? 
 Really ? No , they couldn't . None of them would have jobs if they did . 	I know in your resume that you have worked in your present company for 3 years , can you tell me why you want to leave your present job and join us ? 
 Great . I'll bring the food . 	Hey , Vernassa . why be angry look ? 
 Goodbye . 	Are you going to come home late tonight ? 
 I know how it is . Moving is very troublesome . 	Hey , buddy , can ’ t you see there ’ s a line ? 
 I hope my parents don ’ t try to interfere in my choice of career . 	Excuse me.We ordered too much.May we take the food home ? 
 Fine , madam . When will Mr . Brent be arriving , and how many nights will he be staying ? 	Oh great ! This stupid computer froze again ! That's the third time today ! Hey Samuel , can you come take a look at my PC ? It's acting again . It must have a virus or something . 
 By crunching the numbers and putting in your expenses , I estimate that you can afford a house of around five hundred thousand dollars . 	To start with , may I ask why you chose to work at our company ? 
 Perhaps I should call her later . 	In my country , we go to school from 8 o'clock in the morning until five in the afternoon . 
 Yes , you are right . 	Hi , how is it going ? 
 Yes , we certainly are . But Mr Smith is going to pay us for all the work we'll do . 	Bill , your work is too messy . 
 You're such a dreamer ! You think that you can spread the word of jazz in an underpass ? 	Well , sir . We are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant . 
 Thank you . 	Hi Ron , this is Kim at headquarters . 
 All I'm trying to say is that life is ... like ... er ... this painting . 	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ? 
 It's very kind of you . 	In my opinion , it may be necessary to charge for participation . 
 That's right 	Could I have my hair dyed ? 
 Well , I want to let your boss know that she ’ d better hold on to you ! You ’ re a hard worker ! 	You should save some money on parking here . 
 Don't worry.We will come back again a little later . 	Nice to meet you . 
 By hand in cold water . Got it . 	Joanna , I will go to the outlet center . You wanna go with me ? 
 Ummmph ! 	Jodi , I must get a hold of Jim today , but I forgot his address and phone number . 
 I can do that . 	Excuse me , I'm afraid you've parked in the wrong spot . 
 I'd be up for that ! 	Do you often buy magazines ? 
 Yes , but he ’ s got a wife and 3 children as well . 	Hi , this is Ralph Simmons . With whom am I speaking ? 
 Thank you and bye-bye ! 	I am a reporter from Channel 5 News . 
 Thanks . I appreciate it . 	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ? 
 They're in awe of her . After they saw how she crushed WebTracker ... but I guess you know all about that . 	So , where can I start my work ? 
 No , you should always be upfront and honest about your weaknesses . However by focusing on your strong points and maintaining a positive attitude about your abilities , you can take the attention 	Waiter , I would like to order now . 
 I found some fairly major problems . A major support beam in the roof is broken , and the shower floor leaked and rotted out the second-floor joist . 	Hello . 
 Don ’ t be silly , John . I ’ m going with you . It ’ s necessary for me to have a holiday too . 	Hello , this is Mr . Simon . May I help you ? 
 I'm afraid I can't agree with you on that . I like D.H.Laurence ' s novels better . 	Well , what's the matter with you ? 
 Sounds good ! Let's go ! 	Okay , now I ’ d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right ? 
 I feel the same way . 	Oh my God ! I can't find my first period American literature class . 
 Walk ahead a little further . There are plenty of them . 	I hear many people here speak French . 
 No problem . 	Alright , tell me what you think about this one . 
 That doesn ’ t make any sense . 	Hello , Mr Lawson . It's a pleasure to see you again . You seem to be in here all the time at the moment ! What can I do for you today ? 
 Hmm , I must be getting absent-minded . 	What is your long term career plan you set for yourself ? 
 Then it must be a naughty boy who did it . 	Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ? 
 And the bank will offer you loans for twenty years ! 	What are you doing this Saturday ? 
 And I heard that Italian men have very active libidos . 	Where shall I register , please ? 
 Don't tell me you have a record player ! 	Excuse me , I ’ d like to apply for a library card . 
 Thanks , I appreciated it . 	Excuse me . May I see that laptop for a moment ? 
 Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock . 	Mum , can I finish my homework later ? 
 Bye ! I'll be back before seven . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Yes , of course . This way , please . 	But what if I don't win what I bid on ? 
 Let ’ s go check it out again ! 	How do we do timesheets here ? 
 Yeah , it ’ s me . Can you give me a lift after work ? 	Ann , let's go , or we will be late . 
 I was a naughty boy and I played hooky . So the school gave me a punishment to clear the classroom for a week . 	They promised us a sea view . 
 Pretty good.Thank you . 	Are you a newcomer ? 
 You said it . Ok , let's go in , Sandy . 	Shall we have two tickets for for seven thirty ? 
 All right . Yes , he does . The registration fee is 7 yuan , please . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Because too many people in the office are on holiday . 	Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department . 
 It sounds reasonable . Maybe I should look on the bright side . 	By the way , how many books am I allowed to check out ? 
 Wow ! A third more ? Very good . 	How much do you pay wholesale for your products ? 
 Goodbye , sir . 	Ticket , please.Do you have a seat preference ? 
 OK . 	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual . 
 I'd love to . 	Good morning , Mr . Green . Please have a seat . I received your resume last Monday and I would like to say I ’ m very impressed . 
 Coco Lee . 	Now we arrive at the Cambridge University , it is one of the oldest universities in the world . 
 His name is not fat boy ! You can be so rude sometimes . 	Hello , this is Rich . 
 That's still too far for me . 	Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . 
 I brought some cards . Are you up for a long game ? 	Where do you usually do your shopping , Mrs . Lane ? 
 Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there . 	Okay , well I ’ m sure you have a number of questions to ask me regarding the position . 
 Maybe . After all , I am grown up now . 	May , look at this mess ! You threw waste everywhere . 
 Oh , that's nice . Thank you for arranging all of this . 	Saying you want to kill yourself , you terrified me out of my wits . 
 Your passport and ID card . 	You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on ? 
 Good for you , keep it up . 	I'm taking a date to a restaurant , so could you please direct me to a good one ? 
 OK . Let's go . 	Have you bought your bus pass yet ? 
 Great ! 	I ’ m hungry , let ’ s go grab a bite to eat . 
 Your dentist must be proud of you ! 	Are you ready to move ? 
 May I have your name ? 	Mike , shall we book two tickets online ? 
 Goodbye . 	Do you want an IBM-compatible PC or a Macintosh ? 
 Check and double check . 	It's very dark in here.Will you turn on the light ? 
 I don ’ t think that it will take as long as the response to the first offer . 	Hello , Sara are you finished packing yet ? Do you need a hand ? 
 Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing ! 	Mr . Jones , shall we now discuss the packaging ? 
 Oh , I ’ m sorry . 	Why are you in such a hurry ? 
 All right . 	Hurry up , get in . 
 Oh , yes . 	What time does the museum close ? Any idea ? 
 Thank you . You're very kind . 	Freeze ! Police ! Put your hands over your head . 
 I've wanted to be involved in engineering ever since I was little . And my study has equipped me with a career as a mechanical engineer . 	Jennifer , would you like to have dinner with me ? 
 I'm sorry . I meant to ask you . 	Darling , this dress is for you . I hope you like it . 
 I agree . That ’ s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin . 	May I help you ? 
 Definitely . Oh , there's Mr . Campbell . Driver , can you stop here please ? 	Can you tell me what the unit price of such carpet is ? 
 But many rich guys don ’ t think they are truly happy . There is always some empty feeling deep inside them . 	We ’ re having a department meeting at 10 o ’ clock , ok ? 
 Yes , some people even pack up his bed quilt and sleep there . That's a little bit crazy . 	How beautiful the flower is ! 
 No , thank you . 	How time flies ! We have been lovers for nearly a year . We hit it off instantly . 
 Mr . Lee in Room 1234 . 	I have a sweet tooth . I can not help but think about having something sweet between meals . 
 Ok , I'll go out and look for her . 	What is the annual salary for this job ? 
 This is worth trying . 	Can I help you , Sir ? 
 Yes , please let him know I would like to discuss the Girard case with him . 	I heard that janet has got a new job . She ’ s working for the united investment group . I hear that they pay very well . 
 David , stop dreaming . It ’ s time to do your homework . 	Next please . 
 Thanks . 	What are you doing ? 
 This case doesn't belong to me ! You've given me the wrong case ! 	What ’ s up ? 
 Of course not . Let's talk to him in a very friendly way . 	Have you had any experience with sales work ? 
 Yes , please . 	Anything interesting in this city ? 
 No , I hate swimming . I prefer playing tennis . 	Hello , Peace Hotel . 
 It's no trouble at all . 	We have reservations for two at your restaurant tonight . 
 I'll be expecting you , then . 	He told the police that Ted was the murderer . 
 I don't think so actually . She never even says " hello " to me . 	Do you mind if I smoke here ? 
 Here you are . 	Excuse me , could you lend me some of your records ? 
 Yes , indeed , People say he's the smartest young man . 	Man , they take a lot of our paycheck . 
 That doesn't matter . I want at least 4 percent . 	Hello ! Can I help you ? 
 Yes , it does . Domestic enterprises of different ownerships enjoy equal rights for the non-discrimination principle grants equal rights to enterprises , regardless of their nationality and ownership . I have found that although changes of China's economic policies are numerous , these changes are largely based on the most important economic principle ot TO agreement-non-discrimination principle . Such an understanding of principle of the changes may help us not only to have a good insight into the changes but also to foresee the tendency of the new changes of China's economic policies . 	Have a nice Thanksgiving ! 
 While staying in love is even better . 	Are these all yours ? 
 Sounds good . 	Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? 
 Really ? Let me see . 	This is the Pan-American Club . May I help you ? 
 Thank you ! 	Miss Wang , how do you do ? I ’ m Allan James , the director of human recourse department of this company . 
 You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests . 	Do you play mahjong ? 
 Yes , I can . Thank you so much . 	So Chris , I've heard that you're from a big family . How many people ? 
 8: 00 Beijing time . 	A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again . 
 Thanks . That'll be all . 	Will you be voting ? 
 Enough is enough . I know . 	Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ? 
 Look at the museum guide.It says there are also some sculptures and potteries in this area . Let's rent an audio guide . 	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship . 
 Well , just because it's you . Tomorrow , say around noon . 	Mary , how was your date with john ? 
 I think I'm going to go buy myself a pair . 	Good evening , Mr.Brown . 
 It ’ s the anniversary of our weeding . 	Good morning , Jason . How did you sleep ? 
 Only on Saturday and Sunday from one to five p . m . 	Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday . 
 Thanks a lot . We arrived at Kaohsiung International Airport . 	OK , that ’ s fine . Bye . 
 You can rest assured that we won't disturb others anymore . 	Thank you for calling the Twin Theatre . 
 My expectation is in the 3800 to 4500 RIB range . That ’ s the take-home pay . 	What did you say when she told you the news ? 
 Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes . 	It's a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 In that case , I'm fit for the position I think . 	OK , so this is the main factory area . We're now walking past the printing machine . It's printing in four colours at the moment . 
 cheer up , Nada . You'll be fine . 	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ? 
 Brings back memories ? 	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill . 
 You should . I know you'll like it . 	What's your favorite magazine ? 
 That ’ s so unfair ! 	Could you tell me what university you went to , Mr . Smith ? 
 I'm glad I did too . 	Have you ever shopped at Whole Foods market ? 
 Sometimes it's difficult.Some words look different from the way one pronounces them . 	Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning . 
 I'll get used to not seeing my parents . 	Guess what ? I've got great news ! 
 One of the questions they ask you is if you were well enough to work . 	Hello . I'm Duty Manager today ; you wanted to speak to me ? 
 Yes madam . I will give you the small one . 	What kind of work do you want to do when you finish university ? 
 Thank you.Thanks to the baker , I benefit a lot from him . 	What companies are stockholders in this company , do you know ? 
 Let ’ s have you come back in a few days and see how you feel . 	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . 
 OK , that is reasonable . I will take it . 	Would you like me to fill out the form ? 
 Yeah , It's only for girls . 	May I take your drink order while you are looking over your menu ? 
 That ’ s not all ! I also had to finish writing a sales report for my boss . In the end , I finished everything . I wonder what will be waiting for me tomorrow morning . 	Hoo , I'm getting tired , Jeanine , been a long day . 
 Thanks . 	Do you have spare time tonight ? 
 Poor old John ! I am ever so sorry . 	Daniel , you can't spit the gum everywhere . 
 Computers are great , aren ’ t they ? I should download some program and learn how to use them . 	How time flies ! We have been in Beijing for almost 4 years . 
 I assure you that you're paying for quality . 	Excuse me . My name is Dan Ford . I have an appointment with the dentist at 3:30 . 
 Good-bye . 	I'll cook dinner for you . 
 Ok . Thanks for that ! 	You didn't come to work yesterday.What happened ? 
 You are so lucky ! Send me a postcard ! 	Honey , could you help me here a minute ? 
 OK , I'll process that for you now . 	You didn't show up to my performance last night ! Some kind of friend you are ! 
 Well ... guess how low the bidding starts on the tennis racket ? 	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? 
 I'll never again come to your side ; I am turn away now and can't return . 	Why did she do that ? 
 Thank you . 	Did you enjoy your meal ? 
 Good idea ! 	What can I do for you , madam ? 
 But it's raining . 	Flight BE - 407 to Paris is delayed . Will passengers please wait in the lounge ? 
 OK . I will mention how great you were about helping me today . I appreciate your help . 	Did you need help ? 
 It's very helpful.the course has let me into a world of literature . i read so many great literatures . 	I'm here to sign the agreement . 
 OK . How about some spring rolls and squid balls , some pork skins , and some beer ! 	I can't open this email attachment our Paris office has sent me . 
 As you wish , sir . You'll have a wonderful time there . 	do you have any plans for dinner tonight ? 
 Well , it's quite different from the Chinese food . 	He's honest , hardworking and responsible . I simply can't find any shortcoming of his as an employee . 
 Very well , thank you , Mr . Parker . 	Are you making what I think you're making ? 
 I've been snowed under with work since my boss was away on business . 	Sally , you look so corporate ! What interview do you have today ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Excuse me . Would you mind trading seats with me ? 
 Here is one tailor's shop . Why not order one here ? 	What's the matter ? You don't look well . 
 Thank you . 	Good afternoon , Miss Qi . 
 Yes , sometimes . 	I am really interested in buying this television . 
 Here is my card . 	Whoa , whoa , what ’ s going on ? Watch out ! 
 I think I'll Ty the crisp deep-fried chicken . 	Are you looking for something special ? 
 Goodbye . 	Excuse me . When's the next bus ? 
 I had a great time . It ’ ll be good to see them again . 	How was Mei ’ s party on Saturday ? 
 Sorry , We don't take returns on sale items . 	You look depressed . What's on your mind ? 
 OK . Wait a minute , please . And the sugar is right over there . 	Kata ! You've got a beautiful singing voice . You hit the high notes perfectly . 
 You have a talent . You just don't know what it is yet . 	Although you spare no effort to complete the project . I think you have missed the boat . 
 Sounds exciting . I can't wait . 	OK , Ann , you spent quite a bit of time in Australia recently so why don't you talk about that ? 
 No trouble at all . So long . 	Would you like to go to the movies tonight ? 
 Well , I really envy you for finding such a nice girl . 	Tell me about yourself and your past experience . 
 That settles it then . 5,000 RIB it is , thanks . 	How nice these sunglasses are ! 
 Thank you for helping me . 	Hello , Helen . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I'd like to order room service to room 202 , please , 
 You are crazy . Gambling is against my principles . 	Hello ! I'm Penny , I moved here just now . 
 Sure , may I have your name and account number please ? 	What happened today on the freeway ? 
 Thank you , and I'm sorry for the change of plans . 	Hello , Catherine . Would you like to go out tomorrow ? 
 Would you , please ? Thank you . 	Peter , go and tidy up your toys now . 
 All right . Another time then . 	From reviewing your resume I can see that you have ample experience for this position.What I want to know is why you think you ’ re right for the job . 
 I guess you see the value in it , too . 	Are you working or are you a student ? 
 I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork . 	Hello , Steven . Can you do me a favor ? 
 Of course . We will stay there for half an hour and you can do your own business . 	Is that room service ? 
 I hope I can go to your party . 	What's the matter with my throat , doctor ? 
 Oh , I ’ m crazy about them . 	You look tired . 
 My pleasure . 	When shooting a gun , accuracy is very important . 
 well , that's true . In a sense , it is not so much what you drink that really counts , as where and how you drink . 	Did you hear about car accident on Spring Road yesterday ? 
 Thanks . 	Where are you going ? 
 Yes . See you then . 	Did you promise me to get the bread ? 
 Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write . 	Is this a photo of your family ? 
 Great - they wined and dined us all week . 	I can ’ t wait to retire . 
 Really ? I will take it . 	We ’ re going to the Dragon Boat Festival tomorrow . Feel like coming along ? 
 How kind of you ! Good-bye . 	Have you ever been to Xi ’ an ? 
 He's busy . He said next week . 	I would like to place an order . 
 Well , our intention is to have some features about these regions in some youth magazines . We ’ re also going to run some ads on TV and put some flyers in places where young people go , like the gym and student organizations . We ’ re making arrangements to have some activities at big shopping malls and department stores around town . 	Any questions ? 
 OK , it ’ s better to be far away from him . 	Hello , this is the International Student Office . My name is Leah . How may I help you ? 
 Dad , it's not fair . I am so disappointed with you ! 	What's the weather like ? 
 It's fine . I was heading there anyway . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Bye ! 	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ? 
 Fine . They should be here the day after tomorrow . 	How do you like the food here ? 
 How do you spell it , sir ? 	Irene ! I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how how did it go ? I want all the juicy details ! 
 Thanks a lot . Keep the change . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 No . I only wish that you could give me a definite answer to my application as soon as possible . 	what sort of music do you like ? 
 great . I ’ m looking forward to it . 	Good evening ! I don't believe we've met before . May I introduce myself ? My name is Jack . 
 You know , you're right . Maybe you should get a dog . 	Excuse me . Are these chips on sale ? 
 Wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases . 	Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ? 
 My poor memory . Thank you very much . 	Where is the boss ? I need him to sign a few documents . I checked in his office , but he is not there . Is he out of the office now ? 
 Well , such things are just unavoidable in a great metropolis like Beijing . I think a still more desirable benefit is psychological . Bicycling home after work can help release your stress . Life in the offices is miserable . You just sit there in a daze , gazing at the monitor and dealing with files and documents . Why don't you give a full play to your energy after work ? Enjoy the speed on the road . Just think , you are flashing past the poles with your own energy . How great ! 	We'd better leave now . 
 Well , I am gaining weight these days , and I have to watch my calories . 	Wow . That girl who brings the fruit is really pretty ! I wish she wouldn't have rushed off so fast ... 
 Sure , that will be thirty-two dollars please . 	My brother gave me a baby cat yesterday . I can keep it as my pet . 
 That ’ s fine . 	Good afternoon , sales department.May I help you ? 
 I know , but I'm going to enroll in a night school to take a course in business management . 	Which do you prefer , sour peppery soup or four-jewel soup ? 
 OK ! I expect you to accept our general terms and conditions of trade . We believe that through our cooperation , large transactions will be brought to speedy conclusion . 	Oh , here comes a bus ! 
 You are welcome , goodbye . 	Hi , Bill.It ' s Marsha Black at MPPD Ltd.How are you ? 
 You forgot all about it , didn't you ? 	Hello , stewardess . Could you bring me a blanket ? I feel so cold . 
 It is nice , but it would be nicer if my macho husband would get off his tush and help me . Ha-ha ... Have this . It's from Italy ! 	I think you are an excellent person . Honestly speaking , you are very suitable for this job 
 Yes . If you want to order room service , just press 0 on your phone , and that will connect you with the front desk . 	Do you love me ? 
 I doubt that . 	May doesn't get along very well with her mother-in-law . 
 Sir , without happy guests , we are nothing . 	Hello 
 It's nothing Nancy . 	Do you have a free moment ? 
 You , too . 	We have a live show of a football match this Friday night . 
 I don't know .. Well , maybe you are right , but how am I gonna tell her ? 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 Serves you right . 	Don't worry , your baby is in my home . 
 Certainly . 	How was school today ? 
 Thanks . I'll tell him . 	Okay , I ’ ll take it . By the way , do you have delivery service ? 
 That's better . 	Do you like cooking ? 
 Don't rub it in . Where am I going to put this huge thing ? 	Hello , Mr . Thomas . Could you spare a minute ? 
 Oh , let's see what's wrong . 	May I help you ? 
 I see , please wrap it . 	I am starving . 
 It's going to be sunny tomorrow . 	Hey , let's eat out tonight . 
 Don ’ t worry , I can handle that . And I know if the boss is there , even it is an informal evening , it does not make a good impression to get totally drunk in front of him . 	I saw your ad in The New York Times . I am seriously considering one of the apartments listed in it . 
 That's too much ! 	Mark , you are not telling me the truth . Now why ? 
 Yes , I'm good with people . 	Would you mind if I make a suggestion ? 
 Well , I won ’ t put a crime into their doings . 	Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? 
 Ok . I'll keep my promise . 	Good morning , Miss Monica . Nice to meet you again ! 
 I do a good old lady . I wouldn't mind being the damsel in distress once in a while . 	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days . 
 I think I just have to accept the fact that it's time for us to go our separate ways . 	Excuse me . How much for one are these ? 
 That sounds like fun . 	Hi , John ! I haven ’ t seen you for ages . 
 Sort of . I played golf on my computer ! 	Hi honey ! You ’ ll never guess what ! My friends Julie and Alex are getting married ! 
 That's correct . We have four seasons of spring . 	Cheese ! It tastes like cardboard . 
 Sure , that ’ ll be fine for me . I ’ ll come to your office so you can show how you set up these macros . 	Excuse me . Could you tell me where the post office is ? 
 Yeah , I could hardly wait to see it . 	It ’ s going to a volleyball match between the economic department and foreign language department this afternoon . Are any of you keen on volleyball ? 
 Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will . 	It is difficult for old people to do away with old ideas . 
 Thank you . 	Linda , this is Todd calling . 
 Yes , this is also the competitive edge of our company . 	Did you hear about the robbery ? 
 Yes , it does.Here , I ’ ll box it up for you . 	Good afternoon , how can I help ? 
 Bye-bye ! 	Does Tom drink a lot ? 
 I ’ ll be paying with cash . 	Where do you come from ? 
 I might just ! Enjoy your stupid game ! 	I really think all Americans look alike . 
 $ 200 ? If they get a hold of your credit card number , you're going to be out a lot more than $ 200 ! I had a friend who ... 	Hello , George ! Haven't seen you for some time.Where have you been ? 
 Sure . 	Hello , is Jennifer in ? 
 Not at all . 	Why are you walking to and fro in the room ? 
 We cannot expect a man like him to speak the truth . 	I don't know why Mark often comes to me and asks me for advice . I smell some rat in it . 
 Thanks very much . And good-bye . 	What are you up to tonight , Steve ? 
 I'm sorry . 	When did you and Amanda meet each other ? 
 He's very handsome , I think . 	Excuse me , Professor , I have a problem and need to leave class early . 
 It's raining cats and dogs . 	What are you having for lunch ? 
 Thank you . 	Hey Jack . What's going on ? 
 Yes , I'll be waiting for you in my home by 10:00 . 	Do you like traveling , Kathy ? 
 Tomorrow afternoon would be fine . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line . 	Hello.Is this room service ? 
 How do you do ? I'm Bob Evans . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 All right , then . I ’ ll see you at noon on Wednesday . 	My stomach's growling again ! 
 You bet . I used to take a whirlpool almost every night back home . 	Our usual supplier has let us down and I ’ Ve been looking through your parts catalogue . I need fifty GT670s . How soon can you deliver ? 
 I think I am getting a fever and will be too sick to help you . Here , feel how hot my head is ! 	Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ? 
 Good bye . 	What had make you so upset ? 
 There is no need . I will come back tomorrow . 	Wow , there are so many lanterns to appreciate . Now , I can see why it's called the Lantern Festival . It deserves its name . 
 So , that's everything done for you . Here's your new cheque book , the cheque guarantee will follow in the post in a couple of days . 	Hello , Steven . Annie said that you and Julia have had a quarrel , haven ’ t you ? 
 Not really , perhaps just a translation problem , that's all . Anyway , we've agreed to accept it . 	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list . 
 That ’ s more like it ! 	Amanda , how do you like this peaked cap ? 
 Look at it this way , when you quit , you will save money , time and your life ! 	What's the deal with the Asia area sales ? Did you have a chance to look at any other reports that came in from the branch offices ? 
 Exactly ! 	What's the fare , please ? 
 Good . Where shall we meet ? 	Excuse me , do you sell apples ? 
 It's really going to be fresh all the time . 	What fruits are in season right now ? 
 Don't be silly ! I know how to use knives and forks . 	Are you still busy today ? 
 I will stay as long as I can continue to learn and to grow in my field . 	Is this Mr.Smith ' s residence ? 
 Yes , it's one of my hobbies . 	You are quite busy every day . 
 You're welcome . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Ouch , that hurts — did you have to mention her name ? 	Hi , Mr . Wang . Do you feel like going boating with me ? 
 You are so romantic , my sweetheart . 	What're you doing now ? 
 I said sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . 	You won ’ t believe who ’ s been elected to do overtime on the Baker account ! Me ! I ’ Ve already logged in 20 hours of overtime ! 
 Umm ... You know ... Actually I was thinking of trying another airline . No need to hold my seat . 	You are late again , Maria . The teacher is about to come . 
 That will be all . You've been very helpful , thanks . 	Wow , American football is more exciting than I thought . 
 I'm so sorry . A lid comes with the pan . Here it is . 	I think that ’ s settled . 
 Fine . 	Wow ! They've got everything here . All the world's famous brands . Aunt Cindy , what is your favorite brand ? 
 It was nice to see you , too . And please give my regards to Mrs.Robbins . 	When can you get the finished product to me ? 
 You are very welcome . Come back again . 	Hi , my name is Pete . You are Ann . Isn't that right ? 
 I ’ d rather you told her . 	Do you live in the red house at the end of the road ? 
 You are welcome . 	How I wish my son Mark could be as excellent as your Joe ! 
 No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back . 	What ’ s your attitude when do wrong things at work ? 
 That ’ s a good way to think about it . 	I would like to make an appointment to discuss the problems I keep having with my apartment . 
 Me either , but I ’ m dealing with it anyway . 	I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ? 
 At a time like this , what she needs is a pat on the back rather than a blame . 	Have we sold out all the newspapers for today ? 
 If he doesn't change his attitude toward his work , I don't think a new job can make any difference . 	That's brilliant ! We can name the grades of motor oil by where they come from . 
 Yes please . And I ’ d like to be able to make video calls too . 	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ? 
 Thanks , I'll see you around Wednesday then . 	pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue ? 
 Oh , lots of things . Mostly training new people . 	Joseph , who is that woman ? 
 1:00 a m . 	Honey , which hand should I use to hold the fork ? 
 I really don't want to know about this . Physics gives me a headache . 	What's up , how are you ? 
 Of course , sir . You've made a good choice . 	I'm better now . Want to play again ? 
 Maybe you are right . 	I've enjoyed conversing with you . 
 Thanks . Good-bye . 	Hello , Could I speak to Mary , please ? This is Mrs . Fort here . 
 Got it . Thanks for reminding me . And , are there any intensive training courses ? 	What is your favorite pastime ? 
 Not at all . 	So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley . 
 All right . In that case we are still willing to do business with you . 	Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! A 
 Thank you , sir . I'll try my best to assist Richard in his work . 	It seldom rains this summer . 
 Of course . 	I'll always remember my college days . 
 All right . We'll get in touch with our producers and see what they have to say . 	I call this meeting to order . Thank you all in attendance today , I know it's a busy day for you all . We have a lot of material to cover today . Did everyone get an agenda ? 
 no dissert , thanks , just coffee.can I have the check please ? 	Do you believe in horoscope fortune-telling ? 
 Thank you . 	Good evening.can I help you ? 
 Nothing special . 	Is everything to your satisfaction ? 
 That's not so bad . 	Can I help you find something ? 
 Well , all right . There is nothing to complain about . 	Thomas , could you do me a favor ? 
 No , their cards are for sale . 	Have you heard about the robbery ? 
 Yes , at the end of the hall . 	Hello , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Well , that'll teach you to control your temper . 	What do you think of this suit ? Do I look good or what ? 
 Bye 	Hello , Tom ! Do you have plans for this evening ? 
 When I was your age , my parents didn ’ t have central heating like you do ! We had a furnace in the center of the living room and that was it . We used it to cook , heat the house and even dry our clothes ! We never caught a cold . You should be grateful ! 	Stop running around in front of the TV , will you ? Why don ’ t you just sit and watch ? 
 Well-done , please . 	Whose handset sounds so beautiful 
 Thanks . Bye . 	what are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ? 
 To tell you the truth Mrs . Bird , I don't like chicken , either ! 	Next please . Hello . How can I help you ? 
 Thanks a lot . Good-bye . 	How are Zina's new programmers working out ? 
 It's possible . 	Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome ! 
 Yeah , I know . 	Are you new here ? 
 If you could , please . That would be wonderful , thanks . 	Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? 
 Sure , this way please . 	I want to have a continental breakfast . 
 Oh , it ’ s love at first sight . 	Hello , this is the admissions office . Can I help you ? 
 Yes , please , thank you . 	Would you like anything else , sir ? 
 You are really confident . 	I'd like to pick up my package . 
 I can hardly believe it . 	Hello , Arthur . What seems to be the problem ? 
 Don't tell me you're a salsa expert , too ! 	Miss Green , do you have life insurance right now ? 
 Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time . 	Do you like the cookies ? 
 No , he didn't ! 	Can I help you ? 
 Oh great , I ’ ll see you there ! 	Let me see . How much should I pay for you ? 
 Of course 	What should I do when I find a job ? 
 Oh , I ’ m too lazy to play sports , and I ’ m not good at anything either . It hardly excites me . 	How would you describe your ideal job ? 
 Next left then right ? OK . 	Hey Jack . How were your classes this semester ? 
 Loan me that tape recorder you have . And don't say anything to anyone until I come back . 	Can you change American dollars into French francs ? 
 It was just over two million euros last year . 	Something wrong ? 
 Okay , let's go ! 	I am really thirsty . 
 No , I am single . 	Roger ? I need figures for accounting . Have finished the calculations ? 
 Sure . Once you get the hang of it , it ’ s a piece of cake ! It ’ s nothing to worry about . 	Look out ! A small boy is rushing out blindly . 
 You will spoil him . 	What kind of films do you like best ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Dahua's Market . How can I help you ? 
 Well , I hope scientists don ’ t decode to make a clone of me in the future ! I wouldn ’ t like to be the subject of an experiment . 	Where can I find information on this subject ? 
 We cannot expect politics to be true anyway . 	When in Rome , do as the Romans do , they say . 
 That ’ s not right , somebody should do something . 	I wonder if you could allow us any discount for this commodity . It's the general practice that wholesalers usually get some discount from manufacturers or suppliers . 
 Be careful.It ' s dangerous to drive fast . 	That girl looks very attractive , doesn ’ t she ? 
 I will leave a memo for you , sir . 	Excuse me , young man ? 
 I'm sorry , that's bad luck . 	Excuse me , sir . 
 Don't worry , I've gotchy covered . 	Thanks for your hospitality . 
 Certainly . 	My goodness ! You ’ re kidding ! 
 I went to a boxing match in the sports stadium . 	How do we spend our holiday ? Do you have any good ideas ? 
 Oh yes , I ... 	Hello Mrs Parker , how have you been ? 
 How embarrassing ! 	Can you tell me the way to library ? 
 Yeah . He has no one to count on . 	Hi , Jason ! 
 Thank god ! A car's leaving . It's my turn ! 	Yeah . Just pull on this strip . Then peel off the back . 
 OK . 	Could I have your name , please ? 
 Don't be so frightened . It's just a skill . 	Welcome back racing fans ! My name is Rick Fields and , as always , I am joined by my partner in crime , Bob Copeland . 
 Really ? What about your opinion , Daniel ? 	When it comes to select a fund , you will always read Past performance is not an indication of future results , can you believe that ? 
 This is really exciting movie . Lets go to this one . 	I'm looking for a gift for my daughter . 
 Thanks so much . I owe you one . 	Wow ! Look at all these books ! I bet I can find a book about anything here ! 
 Not only that , but I'm going to buy you that video game after all ! 	this is tough to say , Jordan , but I think we should break up . 
 I know . But I couldn ’ t help . 	Where were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things . 
 If the nest room is still noisy , could you give me a different room please ? 	Right Rebecca . Now I see that after graduating from University your first job was ... 
 Thank you very much . 	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ? 
 You can keep the cat , but you should keep it away from me . 	Good afternoon.Welcome to China.May I see your passport , customs and health declaration form ? 
 No problem at all . 	Can I help you , Ma'am ? 
 Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men . 	Would you like some coffee , Tom ? 
 You say that now , Lily , but you'll thank me later . I'm your mom , and mother knows best . 	Would you tell me how I send this parcel to shanghai , China ? It contains only books . 
 Bye . 	Want to send out for some Chinese ? 
 Thank you for coming . I'm glad you liked it . 	What would you like for your main course ? 
 That's fine . You can get it 6 days later . 	Miss , where do you want to go ? 
 Yes , they seem to be my size and go with my shirt quite well . I will take it . 	How did you get into hip hop ? 
 I think that I have something else really important to do on that day . I just can ’ t remember what it is . 	Let me see your passport , please . 
 Would you like to confirm the reservation ? 	What are the seasons like in your city ? 
 Sure . 	This room is unfit for humans . I want another room , and I want a refund for tonight . 
 But the darkest hour is the nearest dawn . I bet you'll soon turn the table . 	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? 
 I am dealing with the study of the architecture style of ancient Chinese buildings . 	I may go grocery shopping later . 
 Well , I'll try gin and tonic . 	Good morning , sir ! Please know some about our latest products . 
 It ’ s an anniversary of our weeding . 	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? 
 Thanks . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 That's a good idea . 	I am currently the highest bidder for your shirt . I was wondering about the size . 
 You really have keen eyes . 	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ? 
 You'd like it . 	Hi , Sue . What's up ? 
 Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock . 	Bill , how can you hear so happy today ? 
 It ’ s a pleasure to meet you , Miss Green . 	Is there any chance to further study ? 
 Have a nice trip . 	Excuse me , do you have any English songs ? 
 You're welcome . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 That ’ s great idea . Do you have the email address of human resource managers at any banks ? 	Why didn't you sign the contract ? 
 Your performance so far is not quite in line with what we expect for our executives . I hope I ’ Ve made my point . 	Would you like to go to the theater with me tomorrow ? 
 All right , Mr . Jones . Do you think we ’ ll need anything else ? 	So , what do you plan to do today ? 
 I ’ Ve got them there . Shall I drive ? 	Are we going to have gym class tomorrow ? 
 That's excellent , thanks for all your help . 	Have you got any cheaper ones ? 
 We usually tell each other where we are with various clients and potential clients . The boss assigns extra duties to people who she thinks can best deal with them . It ’ s also a chance to put forward suggestions and ideas . Be sure to speak up if you have any . 	Taxi ! Taxi ! 
 Yes . Fortunately , I had my cell with me this morning . I called the police as I was running to get people to come to help . 	Ted is so scared by dogs that he shakes in his shoes whenever he sees one . 
 That's not bad . Let's go . 	Excuse me . 
 I'd advise you to listen to your wife . She will be sitting in the back taking care of the kids so whatever she prefers is probably the best choice . 	I want some envelopes please . 
 They should be there in the next hour . 	Kids are always difficult to control . 
 Please call if you have any other requests . Your food will be delivered promptly . 	Could you lend your bike to me for several days ? 
 If you keep your promise , I will also let you watch Ultraman this evening . 	How are you doing , Andrew ? 
 I think I would like that . 	My daughter plans to quit her present job and wants to find another . She says she wants to get a better job with higher pay . 
 No , I enjoy travelling . 	Are you have a hand in locking into the case ? 
 Not that long ago ! I ’ m not more than twenty-nine myself . 	I really like what you have . But the price for this product is much higher than we expected . I am absolutely not a buyer at that price . 
 Glad to meet you mr smith my name is jenny . 	Tom , this is Mary Bobbins . She ’ s just come over from sales . 
 I don't know about that , but my door is always open . Stop by anytime . 	Do you have to leave soon ? 
 Really ? It is amazing . I will apply for a position in your company . 	Is there anything I can do for you , Mr . King ? 
 Yes , and I look many pictures . 	Good moming.What can I do for you ? 
 Sure . Please wait for a moment . 	Can I stay out all night with my friends ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Have a nice trip . 	Hello , Lincoln Bank . Kristy speaking , how may I help you today ? 
 Good luck . 	Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ? 
 How nice ! Have fun ! 	Where can I park my car ? 
 Thank you ! 	Who's calling , please ? 
 I never trust those stupid doctors . 	We need to figure out how much money we've spent and what we've spent it on . 
 I ’ m not going to put this off any longer , Casey ! I want those photos ASAP ! 	What should be put in my education background ? 
 Good-bye . 	Good news ! 
 Yeah . I got to eat as much pizza as I could for free . 	Next , please . 
 Thank you very much . 	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ? 
 Yes , that seems to be all in order . Thanks very much . 	Good morning , Kate . Long time no see . 
 Yes , I will have a cup of coffee . 	Excuse me . You can't leave your car here . 
 No problem . In the meantime , don't try to worry so much . You'll get through this . 	So how did I do ? 
 That's right . The company pays for all your medical bills and there is also some financial compensation if you have to take days off to see doctors or spend time recuperating . 	Do you have anything to do after this ? 
 excellent ! That sounds like a plan . 	You keep bowling spares but no strike . 
 Good for you . 	Oops ! 
 Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them . 	You're in great shape , Keith . Do you work out at a gym ? 
 An option we can offer is two separate shipments.We will house the inventory until you are ready for us to ship it to you . 	do you believe in UFO's ? 
 All right . If you insist . Next time it is on me , though . 	What would you like for dessert ? 
 Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon . 	How ’ s everything with you today ? 
 I absolutely love making mousaka , which is a Greek dish with eggplant . But it takes a lot of time , so I don ’ t often make it . 	Hello , Kate . 
 My name is Paul Harper . 	This small town has many serious problems . 
 Yes . 	I beg your pardon ? 
 See you then . 	Excuse me . Does this train go to Brooklyn ? 
 When pigs fly ! 	I like these shoes . 
 But your were playing video games all afternoon . You are skating on thin ice . 	Come in , come in ! 
 That's really my pleasure to listen to a Chinese song . 	I am in hot water now , all the things seem to be blown up . 
 No , but she told me to telephone her next week . 	What sport do you like the most ? 
 Certainly , sir . 	Hello , is this house keeper ? 
 Thanks for letting me know . 	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend . 
 My mom just wants everything to be perfect for us . 	Are you free on the thirteenth in the afternoon ? 
 Who's your manager ? Tell me ! Would you ? 	Good morning , I am Monica . Are you Mr . White , the manager of finance department ? I am the newcomer and also working in the finance department . 
 Yes , they are . 	I have been working 70 hours this week . I am totally maxed out . 
 I'm sure your wife will love them . 	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? 
 It's at 7:30 a . m . 	I feel very miserable . I took the death of my wife very hard , you know . 
 Are you kidding ? The Yen is in worse shape than the Dollar ! 	Have you ever run into a person who tries bleed you white ? 
 Sounds great 	Oh , no ! My stub ! I can't believe it — I flushed it down the toilet ! 
 Now we are prepared to settle the issue with you amicably . 	What an attractive blouse , You look so pretty in this blue dress ! 
 yes , it's not good for me or for the environment . 	Hey ! What's up ? 
 It ’ s not that much . Just watch ... I ’ m ok ... 	Good afternoon . What can I do for you today , Madam ? 
 Then you must be off your head . He is a real bastard . 	Ok ... I ’ ll talk to you later . Bye 
 Come and see me again in a month's time . I think you'll be a different man ! 	There isn't much rice , is there ? 
 I got the message . I am quitting . 	Now let's begin the class . Who is on duty today ? 
 Oh , you do ? You certainly have a large selection . 	I work so hard that I do not have the energy to exercise . 
 Hmm . You ’ Ve got mail . 	Good day to you . How can we assist you today ? 
 No problem at all . Welcome . 	Wow , what a cool car ! The styling of this car really appeals to me . 
 I want to work in the English Department , as I am an English major . 	How are you ? 
 Ok , sounds good . But I think it's your trick . 	Room service . Can I help you ? 
 My pleasure . 	John's father got married again . 
 That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine . 	New York Airport.May I help you ? 
 You're welcome . Goodbye . 	Dick , I ’ Ve decided not to rent that house . 
 Go ahead , have a try and be a joke . 	Ok ... I ’ ll talk to you later . Bye 
 Great ! You are all set to enjoy the library . 	I'm so glad that the spring festival is near at hand . 
 You ’ re unbearable , you can walk home , I ’ m leaving . 	Hello , sir . I'm ready for you . 
 I will try . 	I don't know if you remember , but with honest every day last year we tided the knot . 
 Actually , my doctor said the same thing . 	Hi , John ! How was your vacation ? 
 It's a pleasure . Come on . I'm on your side . 	Good morning , sir . Can I see your boarding pass , please ? 
 I don't know . 	David , what do you want to do after graduation ? 
 That's all right . 	May I help you , madam ? 
 No . The company pays for everything . Doesn't this sound very attractive ? This is why our company can always get the best employees ! 	You are very late , but I was on pins and needles the whole time . 
 Good . 	So , Jack , do you believe in ghosts ? 
 soup always makes me feel better when I'm sick . I hope it makes you feel better , too . 	You're right . Watching movies at home is way cheaper than going to the theater , too . I like downloading movies too because it's easy and fast . 
 That comes to H . K . $ 120 . 	What's the most popular paper circulating in the community ? 
 There are plenty of rugby fans in my country too . 	Allow me to introduce my self.My name is Jack Black , manager of the company . 
 No , not yet . But Susan says they ’ d like to get married in November or December . Then they ’ ll go to Hawaii for their honeymoon . 	Hello . Do you have anything for a little girl ? 
 I don ' t buy into that . I think it ' s just a fad . Pretty soon this will pass and everyone will be into wear-wolves or zombies ! 	Bon voyage ! 
 You , too ! See you tomorrow . 	What do you do if you find something that isn't on your list ? 
 Yes . The police have come . 	Please tell me something about your insurance background . 
 Sometimes people in different countries , or even in different parts of the same country have varying outlooks because of the tribe and culture . 	Where were you last night , at exactly 920 pm ? 
 Very good . It's a pleasure to do business with you , Mrs . Phoebe . 	I'm sorry , but I didn't catch what you said . 
 We'd like to hear your account of the events of last night . 	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? 
 After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me . I prefer white , so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size . Since I ’ m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications , it makes it a very easy choice . 	I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ? 
 Thanks , Mom . Thanks . 	What's the score ? 
 Yes , people surely can . He ’ s whiter than the Chinese kids , and his hair is a little blonde . My husband says his eyes are very Chinese though . 	How much will our order from your factory be ? 
 Well , I also have ... 	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . 
 I'm so sorry . A lid comes with the pan . Here it is . 	We hope that our cooperation will continue . 
 It's exaggerated . Actually this sort of thing happens to everyone . 	This is our main service area . We do all the routine services here and have two full-time mechanics . 
 Congratulations . You should be very proud of yourself . 	Could you do me a favor ? 
 OK . Wait for a moment , please . 	Hello , I would like to make an appointment to look at houses . 
 I see . 	Be careful.The floor is slippery . 
 Let me check . 	I ’ Ve lost my purse . 
 It would be better if you watched out for yourself . I might forget . 	Can you help me find my books ? 
 OK . Do you have the receipt with you ? I think they will ask you to show them the receipt first . 	Do you mind if I open the window ? 
 Thank you very much . Bye . 	I was wondering if you could help me use the Student Job Center . 
 Thank you . 	Here's the course description guide . 
 To tell you the truth , it was completely accidental . 	What can I do for you ? 
 I will . Don't worry ! 	Where did you get assigned to go this time around ? 
 Thank you for shopping here . 	Hello . Thank you for calling Spend Mart . 
 If you need any help , let me know . 	How may I help you ? 
 OK , thanks . I really appreciate it . 	You have got a problem , haven't you ? 
 You ’ re welcome . I hope your wife is feeling better soon . 	I feel like I'm craving a salad . 
 I'd love a gin and tonic . 	The police need our help finding a robber . 
 You're welcome . Now smile ... 	Hey John . I have some great news . 
 See you . 	Uncle Ben , how did the Forbidden City get this name ? 
 Please follow the nurse . She ’ ll get you ready . 	What happened , John ? 
 That is very kind of you . Thank you very much . 	Say , do you go to see your grandparents often ? 
 I understand . 	I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ’ s something wrong with the fax machine . 
 I would like to be able to work independently and take over some ordinary responsibilities such as answering routine correspondences , taking phone calls , and sometimes assisting you with personal business affairs . 	Harry was angry last night . 
 Sorry . I didn't mean to . 	Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ? 
 Ok , let's go . 	We will go to climb up the hill tomorrow . Let's go to supermarket to buy some food . 
 You ’ re such a geek ! 	Do you speak English ? 
 I guess you can't have everything , can you ? 	Can I leave early today ? 
 Bye-bye . Visit us again soon ! 	Did you get your grades yet ? 
 You're quite welcome . 	It will do you good to go out for entertainment at weekends.What kind of movie do you like best ? 
 Yes , I overlooked some facts . I ’ ll be more sorrow . 	It's taking you forever to do my hair . 
 yeah . 	Hello , this is Steven . May I speak to Mr . Xu ? 
 Thank you , bye-bye . 	I'm bored and got nothing to do tonight . 
 Never mind , dear . 	Are you being served , madam ? 
 OK . 	Good afternoon.can I be of any assistance to you ? 
 Not for now , I think , But I believe there'll be rain , so take your raincoat with you . 	You know who won the election , right ? 
 Sure . Thanks . 	Kevin ? Hi , it ’ s Elizabeth . I have a big favor to ask you . 
 Absolutely . I ’ Ve been wanting to meet with you about that . Let me just get my book . 	The City Bank . May I help you , sir ? 
 You know , stage fright is very normal , most people get nervous before they have to speak in front of large groups . Just prepare well , rehearse beforehand , and trust that you will be great ... and you will be ! 	Hey , Joshua ! Is Anny coming with us ? 
 It ’ s beautiful but crowded . 	Let's do something outdoors today . 
 Yes , I couldn't agree with you more . A 1 year time deposit it is ! 	I heard that James was fired because he got a keep back of 20 thousands dollars from a vender . 
 Thank you . 	If one is rich , is the happy ? 
 I ’ m sorry , sir , we cannot grant you a B2 visa at this time , instead , you are granted a resident visa ! Congratulations , you are the millionth person to apply for a visa ! You win ! Congratulations ! 	Hi , I was wondering how I'd go about getting a credit card . 
 Thank you . 	My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . 
 You ’ re welcome . Bye . 	What do you usually do in your work time ? 
 And the host announced that he won it all ! 	Your definition on success ? 
 You're welcome . Turn the application in at Window B . 	What are your terms of payment ? 
 Don't worry , James . We'll get this case worked out in no time . 	Can I help you ? 
 O . K . , thanks , doctor . 	Why do you want to spend your summer days in a mountain village ? 
 Thank you . 	Can you help me out , Chuck ? 
 All right . All right . 	The idea about Friday the Thirteenth is totally ridiculous . I don't believe it at all . 
 We have too many cars ! 	Hi , waiting for the bus ? Where are you going ? 
 That's right . I know we have a complex system , but you have caught on so quickly . 	Can I help you ? 
 There is a service commission that you must pay . It's 1 % of the funds to be remitted , so you should pay an extra 6 RIB . 	excuse me ; is this seat taken ? 
 Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career . 	Hello ! I'd like to get busy on my computer , but I need some broadband . 
 It's still early . 	You are studying here , aren ’ t you ? 
 Mr . Chen himself has become an authority in this area , and master of butterfly sample making , I should say . 	I want to take Shield on a date but I don't have much money . 
 Good . 	Is there someone I can talk to about a payment question ? 
 That's fine . OK . Thanks . 	Well , Miss Liu , I've enjoyed talking with you . Thank you for your interest in this job . 
 You're quite right.But many Japanese learners begin with smiles on their faces and end up with tears in their eyes . 	Are you studying here ? 
 We're very sorry for the delay . I'll check immediately and call you back . 	Hey , man , look , what's on the wall over there ? 
 I work downtown at station 24.It can get a little crazy sometimes but that ’ s what makes it challenging . 	I ’ ll sing you a song . 
 Really ? I will slow down then . 	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ? 
 I ’ m afraid that I can ’ t do that . They ’ re at the printer ’ s being copied . They ’ ll be back tomorrow before 1 o ’ clock . 	That restaurant has six parking spaces . 
 I will , Michelle . Speak to you soon . 	The car isn't running smoothly . I'd like to have a look at it . 
 Put me down for 2 years . Here's the money I'd like to pay in ... 	why are you in such a good mood today ? 
 She will be back soon.You can wait and see . 	Hi , Francis . 
 Fine.Have a nice stay here . 	Can I help you ? 
 How can you do that ? 	I need help using the washer and dryer . 
 Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you . 	I'm tired . 
 Here you are . 	May I come in ? 
 I appreciate that . 	You're looking very well . 
 Thanks for reminding me . I had forgotten to get mine . 	What are you doing ? 
 Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment , I don ’ t need a desktop anymore . A laptop is enough . 	How wonderful it is to be in love ! It's love at first sight ! Oh . he's my Romeo ! 
 My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday . 	Do you know which bus will take me from PHS to Sons ? 
 You can go and ask your father . 	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . 
 Yes , surely . We hope to do some substantial business with you . 	Please tell us the exact time when the big fire broke out . 
 I know what you mean . 	Do you need any help ? 
 Not unless you want the matinee . 	Hey , Frank , there is that Janet Check . 
 Thank you very much . I hope you enjoy your stay . 	May , could you tell me how to solve this problem ? 
 Thank you so much . You're an expert . 	How about your grades of study ? 
 OK , just a moment . I'll find the relevant data and help you with that . 	Hello . Could I speak to Justin , please ? 
 Me ? No way . I'm dedicated to the company , but I'm not going to leave Taiwan . I'm happy here . 	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week . 
 Thank you . 	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce . 
 No , thanks a lot . I'll try it myself . 	Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English . 
 Everyone has a one-week waiting period before they can collect . 	Did you hear that Mary ’ s marriage is on the rocks ? 
 Don't worry . The traffic is smooth . You will be there in time for your flight . 	I can't stand the stupid guy any longer.It ' s unbelievable ! 
 Akha . 	I've been waiting here in the conference room for ten minutes already . What time does our meeting start ? Where is everyone anyway ? 
 Thank you , Mr . Johnson . You ’ Ve made a guaranteed reservation at the Guangzhou xx Hotel , from April 16th to 20th for 5 nights . If you can ’ t arrive as schedule , please inform us before 6 p . m . on April . hank you for calling and we look forward to serving you 	Hi , is this Steven ? 
 OK . I will talk to him direcly . 	Mr . Black ? I'm from the Pacific Mechanical Company . 
 A growing keep-fit fever is sweeping over China . 	You look a bit under the weather . 
 The price varies according to the seats . 300 for the front , 200 for the middle , and 50 for the back . 	Hello , miss . Check out please . 
 Oh . it's too late . Maybe I should go to other video stores to have a look . 	What seems to be the problem ? 
 let's go ! 	How do you like waltz ? 
 Perfect . I ’ ll pick you up then . 	How are you , Sue ? 
 I'll take them . 	Have you made a reservation ? 
 Hmm , that ’ s a tough question . But I would have to say my passion . I ’ m really passionate about journalism and passionate about my career . 	Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ? 
 Thank you for that . And I will double your pay . 	Hello , can I speak to Alice , please ? 
 How nice of him ! 	How was your date recently ? 
 Wait ! I think I see a bus coming now . Let's hope it's the No . 22 bus . 	Where do you want to go ? 
 Slacker and those who violate working principles . 	Mom , where are you going ? 
 About fifteen hours . 	Thank you for your application , Mr . Sweeney . Mr . Jacobs would like to set up an interview for early next week . Do you have time ? 
 Over there . 	I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility . 
 That ’ s for sure . You ’ ll know our products better after the visit . 	Tom , is Jenny crying ? 
 that's true ! 	Another weekend is coming ! 
 A return ticket is forty-six pounds fifty . 	Do you like traveling by train or by plane ? 
 Yes . I really need to have a good rest . 	Okay , now I ’ d like to find out more about your last job . I see you spent almost four years at the London Weekly , is that right ? 
 Seventy to sixty-seven . 	Is there a bus in Altadena that'll take me to downtown LA ? 
 Two . 	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour . 
 Yes . Mike Lee . And put me as close as possible to the stage , please . 	Hey Lydia , what are you reading ? 
 Okay , that ’ s fine . 	I need to order new business cards . 
 4945939 . Marvellous ! Thanks for your help . 	Personal Finance Department , Lucie speaking , how may I help ? 
 Thank you.Would you hang up and wait ? 	Quite a few times , I had my back to the wall . 
 See you . 	Are your ready to go to the supermarket ? 
 Home run by Okapi ! That puts this team ahead by two as we are at the bottom of the fifth inning here at Richie Stadium ! 	How may I help you ? 
 It's there , near the mirror . 	You're late . 
 Read it yourself and find out ! 	May I see your airplane ticket , passport and health certificate please ? 
 Well , say hello to him for me . 	Interesting lectures , aren't they ? 
 I only buy them if they look particularly interesting . I don ’ t buy any regularly . 	Can I have my check , please . 
 I couldn't agree with you . 	Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? 
 Fund info , the fund code , fund net value per unit , fund public info , fund account balance , fund trading conformation , daily details and the history . With our Net Banking , anything is possible ! 	I had a job interview this morning . 
 Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat . 	They must have got in through the kitchen window . 
 He kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion . 	Excuse me , I need to get to Cambridge today . 
 Of course . Turn right at the next intersection and go straight . The post office will be on your left ( side ) . 	Could I have a word with you , Madam ? 
 Ah , great ! I'll send someone over to pick it up . Thanks for calling . 	Which church do you attend ? 
 You seem to have a cold . I'll give your an injection and let me write down your prescription . 	The negotiation of the price has taken us a long time . I hope the following negotiation about quality will be quicker . 
 let's hope so . 	Mrs . Lin . Please hold all of my calls for the next hour . 
 OK , 400 Yuan please . 	What does this have to do with me ? 
 I ’ m glad to hear that you finally found an apartment . 	Mail room . Karen speaking . 
 No , thanks . I ’ Ve had plenty . 	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old . 
 It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy ; you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach . 	Have you got your invitation yet ? 
 Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit . 	There are thousands of magazines published in the world to meet the needs of different readers . But only a few of them are influential world-wide . 
 Go right ahead . 	Actually the general manager is regarded as a baby doll . He has much sympathy . 
 You're welcome , sir . 	If you'd like further information on this , there ’ s a guidebook in several languages on sale at the information desk . 
 Everything I've seen so far is very impressive , very impressive indeed . 	May I help you ? 
 Yes . You are expected to know the e-mail address of the company . 	We have made some adjustment on the prices , and this is renewed price list . 
 That's great . 	What would my new duties be ? 
 5 days . From Feb . 13 to 18 . 	Do you have anything to wash ? 
 Fine . 	Do you have some questions ? 
 Fine , we'll be expecting you then . 	Did you enjoy your weekend at the highland hotel ? I heard it ’ s and excellent place to stay and has good facilities . 
 Yes . 	I'd like to open an account please . 
 Very good . Here is your room key , sir . If you need anything at all , please dial 0 . 	Hello , I have a reservation for a double . 
 You know , speaking in class is a very good chance to put your English to practical use . 	David , why don't you clean your room ? 
 Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun . 	Can I ask for leave this afternoon ? 
 Because I've already proved it . Smoking's the easiest thing in the world to give up . I've done it hundreds of times ! 	I don't think I'm getting better . 
 English weather is even more predictable than I had previously thought . 	Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ? 
 Yes , he did the same to me . 	How was your self-help trip ? 
 That's very good advice ! 	Mr . Smith , I have been doing some industry research and was shocked to learn that the average salary for a position that is similar to mine pays on average $ 2,000 more per year than I am c 
 It's not too bad , but it's pretty cold here too . It was about 45 today and it rained this afternoon . I heard it's going to be a little warmer tomorrow . 	What do you think of being a secretary ? 
 Thank you . 	What are you eating ? 
 Ok . Let's go right after dinner . 	Hello , welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can we do for you today ? 
 My men began searching the area as soon as we received your call . I can't promise you that we'll recover your property but we'll certainly do our best . 	Hello ! 
 Stop worrying , Mary . You'll do just fine . 	There's a new play tonight . 
 Ha ha . I know what you mean . But it's just a movie . They need for the characters to do that . 	Come again ? What are you talking about ? Aren't we on the same team now ? 
 I believe I would have better opportunities with a small but rapidly expanding company like yours . 	Excuse me . Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any . 
 Good-bye . See you again sometime . 	Please fill in the arrival card and sign the register . 
 Wow . That's too much for me . Don't you have anything cheaper ? 	Tomorrow is my first day at work , what do you think I should be wearing ? 
 Not a problem , sir . Please remember us in the future . 	Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? 
 Don ’ t worry , I can handle that . And I know if the boss is there , even it is an informal evening , it does not make a good impression to get totally drunk in front of him . 	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ? 
 Okay . 	Well , what is your trouble ? 
 Wow , you ’ Ve inspired me to do something ! 	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . 
 See you . 	You look pale , you must have poor health . 
 Why bother ? Just buy a new watch . It doesn't cost much . Besides , I just can ’ t put up with this thing any more . 	Want to meet for lunch this Saturday ? 
 Bottom's up , and you're right . This meal is incredible . I wish I had known this restaurant before . Thanks for bringing me here . I know I'll be back soon . 	Do you have the time ? 
 Well , here you are . Remember to put it in a proper place . 	The country is strong only in appearance . Don ’ t you think so ? 
 Please bring our salads to us now . We are hungry ! 	Are you doing anything tonight ? 
 Just a moment , please . 	I am Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . I ’ d like to see Mr . Thomas , please . 
 Any time . 	You got a letter in the mail . 
 Me too . Have a great day . 	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? 
 Brazil calls for a time out and we ’ ll be right back , after a short commercial break . 	Can you vouch for me that I was with you yesterday ? 
 Thank you . 	Is there a swimming pool in this hotel ? 
 It means ' telegraphic transfer ' . So , if you use this way it's fast and secure and can be done from anywhere , to anywhere in the world . 	What is the movie you saw last night ? 
 Hands , when one is not actually eating , may be in the lap . Tipping one's chair is unforgivable . 	Dad , how do you say this word ? 
 OK , sir , wait a minute . 	I think that I would enjoy living here , but I would like to make improvements . 
 Thank you . 	I would like to return this pair of shoes . 
 You're very welcome . Here is my card , if you need any help . 	Do you surf online regularly , Joe ? 
 Believe it or not , it has the opposite effect . Employees are actually more productive on casual days . 	I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order . 
 Just think , in a few days , I'll be swimming and lying in the sun and just taking it easy . 	I give up ! I simply can't learn French ! 
 Well , no . But I took related courses . I can gain experience quickly . I ’ m sure I can do the job well . 	Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ? 
 You bet it . 	Could I ask you where the company is ? 
 thanks . I'll read through it tonight and get back to you tomorrow to sign up for a course . 	Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas . 
 It is so encouraging to hear this remark . The secret is to make plans . Write down your goals , short-term and long-term and make detail plans for a week or a month . Then just work hard . 	Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ? 
 Sure , no problem . 	This is Dunlin . Is this Mrs Smith speaking ? 
 Right now I show that there are 176 people on the list . And you are number 176 . 	Have you been feeling OK lately ? 
 We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider . 	The system keeps crashing when I try to access the personnel database . 
 You are welcome . 	I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks . 
 Come on , let's talk about it . 	Wow , that terrible movie is finally over . Next time I ’ m picking the film , because I don ’ t want to end up seeing a chick flick . 
 No , not really.Just bring yourselves . We would like to your presence . 	Look ! It ’ s the start of the Olympic Games . 
 Bye ! 	I have a resume here . 
 Rita . Nice to meet you . 	How did you find your apartment ? 
 That will be fine . We ’ ll have your meals ready when you arrive . Thank you for your order . 	It is really exciting news . 
 You can count on me . 	What sights are included on the tour ? Is the entire time spent in Paris ? 
 Remember to keep your receipt in case your friend needs to make any exchanges . There are no refunds on sale items . 	Titanic made a hit ! It was so touching . 
 You really should have stayed with us , Dave . 	Excuse me , I'm a little lost . Which bus do I take to get to Shi Da ? 
 It involves a lot of travel . 	Today is your birthday . First of all , happy birthday to you ! 
 That is easy . You can go directly to Tai'an city and buy a ticket to Mount Tai . 	Overseas operator . 
 Yes , that's a Current-all-in-one Passbook . That's what you need to get your salary . 	How are you doing today ? 
 The notification period of my current job is not that long and I ’ m quite profession to English and I am happy with the traveling abroad as I ’ m good dealing with the people from other cultures . It makes the whole job even more interesting . I will send my resume to you still this week . 	Dad , you keep talking about family in New Zealand . Who are they ? 
 Thank you . 	Hello . 
 Actually , I ’ d prefer not to be . 	Why don't we get ourselves a new car ? The old one's falling apart . 
 I'm sorry to hear that . Thank you for telling me a little more about it . 	I hate carrying so much cash with me . 
 That's not the gadgets.Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . 	By the way , where's Jim ? 
 Coming up immediately . 	You're just left school , haven't you , Emily ? 
 You forgot all of about it , didn't you ? 	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ? 
 150 ? No , I'm not really interested in this place . It isn't big enough . It isn't near enough to my office . 	Hi , I'd like to have a beer . 
 I see . There was also the famous ping pong diplomacy , wasn't there ? 	what's your favourite steps ? 
 And he's so handsome . 	Personal Loans , how may I help ? 
 That's great ! 	I need to find somewhere to park . 
 Yes , I try to keep in touch with them . 	Here are the plans for the new finished goods warehouse . Do you have any thoughts or comments ? 
 Nice to meet you too . 	Hey , Michael . Remember me ? I'm Becky . We used to work at Lemans together . 
 Call the police . 	So are you going to get a new swimsuit ? 
 No problem . Thank you for being so understanding . 	What are you listening now , Fred ? 
 That works for me ! 	Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 
 OK , well , that ’ s all I need to know for now . If something comes up , we ’ ll be contacting you . 	Oh . Have you finished listing your study preferences ? 
 Thank you , thank you , thanks again . 	Excuse me , can I use your computer to type my paper ? 
 OK , I'll take one . 	Betty , would you please read this letter of application I've just written ? I'd like to have your opinion . 
 That's great , here you are . This is my passport . 	We are interested in some precision machine tools . We have some inquires on hand . 
 That means our local TV station is showing old episodes . You can watch reruns of nearly every old sitcom . 	William , do you like studying English ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	What ’ s up ? 
 Good . You feel better after you do . 	Can I help you ? 
 Sounds painful ! 	What are you going to do for your year abroad , Tim ? 
 Poor child ! 	I ’ Ve gotta hand it to you , you really did a good job ! 
 Sounds pretty fun . I'll come out and join you next time . 	Good morning ! The Inland hotel . How may I help you ? 
 That's disgusting . 	Hello . Can I speak to Alice , please ? 
 I'm always interested in how , but seldom pay much attention to who . 	Have you got any hobbies ? 
 I can't help shopping there . 	May I help you ? 
 Oh , let's just hope it stays warm . 	Hi . You enjoying the party ? 
 Good idea , let's shop to we drop ! 	Hi , can I help you ? 
 That's true . And sometimes the tickets are cheaper during the week as well . 	Did you go to see Michael last night ? 
 Here is the menu . 	is this seat taken ? 
 It's about time . 	What kind of job have you ever had ? 
 I think he's got too much on his plate . 	Which team has won ? 
 Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . 	Do you think that climate change is responsible for the recent floods ? 
 OK . I will get you some right now . 	I do feel like a trip to Florida on such a gloomy day in New York , to enjoy the sunshine while lying on the beaches of Florida . 
 No problems . What color ? 	I ’ m itching for moving ! 
 Great ! Work is really busy now , but it's fun . 	We're in big trouble , Jason . Nick is beating us by a long shot . 
 Aren ’ t you sweet . 	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? 
 Good luck to you . 	We're now staying at the Holiday Inn . How do we get to the airport ? 
 OK , I'll wrap it for you . 	My mascara's waterproof ! 
 Sure I can , my treat . 	I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale . 
 Oh ok then , I ’ ll come and watch you ! 	Hello , the International Hotel . May I help you ? 
 I ' m afraid he didn ’ t leave one . 	Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . 
 We have a position where that could work out well . 	What are the requirements to apply for the position ? 
 I will . Thank you , Mummy . 	Jack , what do you think about the election ? 
 Forgive me darling . I'm very tired . 	Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland . 
 I got it as a gift so I couldn't take it back . Good luck ! I hope it will fit you ! 	Actually , I was wondering what we should do if either one of us would like to terminate the contract ? 
 Just make out a deposit slip and come here during bank hours . That's from 9 a . m . to 3 p . m . 	When do children start school in your country ? 
 Don't worry about it . 	Can you tell me something about financial aid ? 
 That will be my pleasure . 	Good morning . I ’ d like to ask some questions about your insurance policies . 
 It feels good . 	Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ? 
 Here you are . 	Good afternoon , can I help you ? 
 Here is the money . 	Would you like to have dinner with me tonight ? 
 Thank you . 	Good morning , can I help you ? 
 You , too . 	Mary likes mountain climbing . 
 Thank you . Mr . A , and I certainly hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye . 	Good afternoon , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Congratulations on your first voting day . 	May I know your full name ? 
 Let's get it back . 	Are you watching the soccer match tonight ? It must be the most exciting one in this season . 
 Immediately . 	Look at this headline - Elvis Baby Born on Spacecraft . Where do these tabloids get such crazy stories ? 
 Yes , I see what you mean . You need to reject these documents . 	Right . Just take off your jacket and shirt . And lie down on that bed over there ... That's right ... Now , just hold up your right arm , will you ? ... Does this hurt ? 
 But we still need to go back to it . Don't overdo it . 	Are you here to make a deposit Mr Hayes ? 
 Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week . 	Sir , may I please see your license and registration ? Do you know how fast you were going ? 
 I see , sir . I'm sure everything will be right next time you come . 	Hello ? 
 Fine , I will pencil that in right now . We will see you then . 	Do you mind if I smoke ? 
 We are such weirdos right ? 	Excuse me , can you tell me where I can go fishing ? 
 They're just gifts I bought . Don't worry . They are not heavy . 	May I ask whether we are allowed to wear casual clothes in the office ? 
 That's fine . Quickly please , we are so hungry . 	Good morning , Miss Li . 
 I appreciate that , thank you . 	Do you like chocolates ? 
 In about 3 to 4 days . 	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ? 
 On the contrary , very exciting . 	Have you ever been in an earthquake ? 
 Can you tell her to come downstairs ? We're about to have dinner . 	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ? 
 Frightened ? You must be joking . 	A woman after my own heart ... 
 I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away . 	Daniel , here is some money for the tickets . 
 Yes . Thank you for inviting me . 	Do you take a bus to and from work ? 
 Not at all . 	Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ? 
 Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice . 	Are you ready ? 
 15 copies for each diploma . 	Hello . I'm leaving . Here is my key . 
 maybe because they think they know everything already ! ha ha . 	Would you mind taking your feet off the table , Mike ? 
 I'm off today . 	Why do you like this computer ? 
 Oh , yes . I know where it is . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Sure , he's ready to be friendly with anyone . 	Hi there . Do you need any help ? 
 It's fine with me . 	Good evening , sir . Are you Mr Jim Stewart from the States ? 
 Thank you very much . I will write it right now . 	Where are you going ? 
 Tell me if you need help . 	This will be your office here . 
 All these should be enough . Good luck ! 	Pretty ! Say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than she altogether-face and figure ? 
 Unfortunately , there ’ s always the possibility of some urgent work requiring our attention . 	What does your father do ? 
 Thank you so much . That's very kind of you . 	I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club . 
 thank you . that would be great . 	Would you like something to drink ? 
 Super ! 	Did you see the robbery ? 
 You can try it on in the fitting room over there . 	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot . It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness . 
 I try to adapt myself . 	Hello baseball fans , and welcome back to today ’ s game ! My name is Rick Fields and of course , I am here , once again , with the man that seals the deal , Bob Copeland . ' 
 I can assure you that such a thing today will never happen again in future delivery . We have made the plan to improve the package of our exported goods . 	Where did you get these peanuts , Mike ? 
 Yes , I'm the third child . 	Hey . Steven . You have a large chunk of money , but why do you still live in the old flat , instead of buying a new villa ? 
 No problem . 	Excuse me , when is the next train to Los Angeles ? 
 You're right . Mother's love is the greatest love in the world . 	Comfort Inn , may I help you ? 
 I think so . 	Is Mr . Thomas there , please ? 
 I like all kinds as long as they are exciting . 	Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? 
 You ladies look very elegant in black . But I don't want you to wear black in my honor for a long time yet to come ... 	May I take your order ? 
 It doesn't matter , I will take an aisle seat . 	Are you travelling in America ? 
 Thank you , sir . Have a nice day . 	Are you going to vote this Tuesday ? 
 Well , let's go and have something to drink instead . I know a good place . It's a little expensive , but it's fun . 	Hi , I'm here to look at the one-bedroom apartment you have for rent . 
 If so , I'd better try another store . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 My pleasure . 	Peter , have you finished your English composition ? 
 Thanks so much . I owe you one . 	I'm exhausted . 
 I preferred working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can ’ t do without them . 	Bill , Happy Halloween ! 
 Actually there are more non-native speakers than you think . That ’ s why it ’ s so important to quit worrying about making mistakes . Just talk to everyone every chance you get . 	Hi , Mike . I am going to move on the first of next month . 
 Yes . 	The baby is crying again . 
 Thank you honey , it means a lot to me . 	Come in , please . 
 On and off , for quite a few years . 	Mr . Carmichael , this is Ellen Bower calling again . You had said I should call this week to schedule an interview with you . 
 Goodbye . Thank you again for coming . 	What's the matter with you ? You look so upset and tired . 
 There ’ s nothing at all to worry about . Once you are in the air , it ’ s just like sitting at your sitting room . It ’ s going to be a very pleasant flight . 	Susan ? We ’ re having a farewell party for John Anderson today . 
 I hope I can practice self-control again . 	How come you're still up ? Shouldn't you be asleep by now ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll have it sent to you immediately . 	OK , Nick . Here's the question , What movie and its sequel both won an Oscar for Best Picture ? 
 I'm giving you some antibiotics and aspirins . Take an aspirin when you've got a fever , and take one antibiotic capsule every four hours , and go home and rest in bed for two days . Drink plenty of water , then you'll feel better . Here's the prescription . 	Hey , if you're not busy this weekend , would you like to go see a movie ? 
 Not at all . 	How do I know if I qualify for unemployment benefits ? 
 Oh . Thanks . Look , I must just go and say hello to someone . I'll be right back . 	Now , madam , here is the Hotel . 
 Indoors activities , such as chess and gymnastics . 	Hello ? 
 I would appreciate that . 	Honey , would you marry me ? 
 Thanks a billion . 	Hi , Susan ! 
 In that case , I'm fit for the position I think . 	Do you have much experience with kids ? 
 Oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks . 	Daddy , how are you going to spend your weekends ? 
 It ’ s all so interesting . I ’ ll have to find more information about it on the internet . Or perhaps I should try and attend your geography class . 	Hi ! Dear ! I'm waiting for you . 
 No , sir . The tax is included . 	You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ? 
 Let's go to Julian Store . 	You're going to abandon me , just like that ? 
 He's going to make the opening speech . 	Excuse me . Is this seat taken ? 
 Sit down here - don't put any pressure on it . I'd better call the company doctor . 	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? 
 Your check will arrive a little late . 	May I invite you for a dance ? 
 Then we can take a walk and enjoy the scenery in the park . 	Hey , there ’ s Leo . I wonder why he ’ s walking arm in arm with that young woman . 
 My name is Ron Kollwitz . 	Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . 
 Oh , I think Shanghai is much more crowded than London . 	Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad . 
 No problem . It is always worth trying something new once in your life time . 	I want to leave the motorbike outdoors . 
 Yes , good luck , Maria . 	Excuse me . Where can I buy some cigarettes ? 
 It was really an exciting moment . 	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . 
 Thank you . I appreciate the compliment . 	This needs dry-cleaning.Can you remove this stain without harming the fabric ? 
 I'm afraid not , we're very short-staffed at the moment . Can you ask the shift supervisor to ask one of his team to do some overtime ? Perhaps Tommy can stand in for an hour or two until we find a replacement . 	You look great today . And so beautiful . I love your elegant haircut . 
 I think £ 5 would be good . 	I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . 
 No , but we went to the Kennedy Center . 	What kind of document is an invoice ? 
 So , we'd like to see some embroidery . 	Can you show me some jade , please ? 
 My pleasure . 	Excuse me , could you tell me how to get to the school clinic ? I've lost my way . 
 Then all you need to do is cook it and enjoy . 	Good morning , this is Mary . 
 No problem . I'll be in touch as soon as it comes in . 	Hi Jane , you look great . 
 Ok . I will bring it with me . 	This is a very good meeting , Liz . 
 O . K . , thanks , doctor . 	... Now that we have been over the gory details of our disastrous first quarter , Ed ! Give us some good news . How are things looking for us in terms sales this month ? 
 Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it . 	You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? 
 Well , I have a lot of work . I'll see how to goes . 	Excuse me , Miss , can you tell me where the bank is ? 
 Sure . Are those pantyhose made of artificial silk ? 	Mom , give me a glass of orange juice . 
 All right . See you tomorrow . 	Did you see the information on sales for last year ? The sales review was made at our last board meeting . There's a great news for our shareholders . 
 Good idea . 	What is the scale of the company ? 
 talk to you later . 	Where ’ s the wagon ? 
 See you . 	Good morning , I made an appointment with Dr . Smith , but I have to change it . 
 Once you pay it , your record will be cleared . 	I can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision . You cannot find a better one . 
 OK . Let's make it . 	I just dropped in to say goodbye . 
 Great . That ' s just the sort of thing I'm looking for . Thanks . 	The time has come to say goodbye . 
 I'm really sorry I let you down . I'll make it up to you somehow . 	Can I go to my room , now ? 
 Thank you for your advice . I ’ ll try it . 	Did you tell others that we are getting married soon ? You have such a big mouth ! 
 It's fun . 	Excuse me , can I order now , please ? 
 Your order will be ready soon , thank you for calling . 	Excuse me . 
 After a while . 	OK.sir . Your room is done . Is there anything else I can do for you ? 
 That's good . 	I want to buy a black suit . 
 Yes , goodbye and keep in touch . 	This apartment is wonderful . 
 On second thought , I will have a cup . 	Can I give you a hand ? 
 You got a big return for a small gift . 	Jared , I just heard about your father . How is he doing ? 
 We'll get to go fishing at the river . I hate fish . 	I ’ d like to make a collect call to Beijing China , please . 
 It ’ s a start , but I ’ ll be happy when I see you stick to your promise ! 	How ’ s it going ? 
 Yes , she's free then . 	Ah , Bob . Just the person I wanted to see . 
 Whatever dude , I ’ m going to go watch the opening match . 	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone . 
 Thank you . 	What is your great struck ? 
 It doesn't matter . 	I wish it was a nicer day today . 
 Well.It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though . 	Hello , Doctor . 
 I see what you mean . That was pretty easy after all . 	Would you ring these up for me here ? 
 The answer is Belle Opaque . It's a Spanish movie , and the title means The Age of Beauty in English . 	Is this watch yours ? 
 Yes . They have been laid by their name cards on the meeting table for each attendant . 	Hi , Fanny . 
 I ’ Ve received some special training in typing , shorthand and operating a fax machine , etc .. I ’ m experienced in IBM-PC . I can operate familiarly a word-processor , a fax machine , a photo and other office equipment . 	Excuse me . This chicken doesn't taste right to me . 
 Great and white ! Which reminds me , let's pick up some heavy duty sunscreen ! 	Where do you have to go . 
 Recliner ? In my beautifully decorated living room ? I don ’ t think so ! 	Who's in charge of the construction project ? 
 That happens to be my favorite . Waiter , I think we're ready to order . 	John seems to be in high cotton . He may well become a big shot . 
 No , thanks . 	Good morning , welcome aboard . 
 Thank you for saying so . 	You get your bus pass ? 
 Ok . Thank you . 	Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good . 
 I think most languages take a lifetime to learn well . 	Miss , please give something to drink . 
 Always print clearly , and fill in the bubbles completely . 	Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair . 
 Yes , he described her to me , and she sounded like my type . 	How long have you been in America ? 
 Thanks . I appreciate it . 	I'm busy year in and year out , but now I've done nothing . 
 Most of them in this store are from Mexico . 	Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ? 
 Well , wait a minute . 	Have you met the new manager in customer service ? 
 That would definitely make a difference . But Vince already said no . 	Good morning ! Welcome to our bank ! How may I help you ? 
 Yes , but that doesn't include cable . It's for cleaning and trash removal . You just leave your trash outside your door . 	Give me Scotch , please . 
 You should do better later . 	How ’ s your father ? 
 Come on . Let's split the difference , 15 % . 	I ’ m really glad I got a chance to talk to you before you left , Mary . Have a safe trip ! 
 Wait a minute , please---Mr . Wong , I'm terribly sorry . Our delivery truck had an accident today . I'm afraid your sofa won't be delivered until tomorrow . 	Is there a train leaving for Philadelphia ? 
 Yeah , you can make it . 	Hey , Mary , nice to see you again . I heard you're going back home to the U . S .. 
 Don't mention it . 	May I take your order ? 
 Dark blue . 	Mom ! I hate eating vegetables ! 
 Oh ! You mean she doesn ’ t have to work now ? It ’ s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ’ t it ? 	Have you ever tried shopping online ? 
 Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days . 	I'm thirsty . Pull over to that store , I'll buy some drinks . 
 Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team . 	This is Manager Liang's office , what can I do for you ? 
 Well.Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you . 	How are you feeling , champ ? Ready to go ? 
 You , too . 	I am very nervous about signing my escrow papers . 
 You ’ re right . 	Bell Computers Limited , can I help you ? 
 Good-bye . 	I am sorry to make you run down to the office for me . 
 I can only read the first three lines . 	He has come to life in the end . 
 Never mind . 	What's the time ? My watch has stopped . 
 It is really like a labyrinth . 	Hello , Mr . Hammer . Jack Ross here . I'm calling to confirm our appointment on Monday at ten o'clock in your office . 
 Of course.You look terrific in it ! 	Do you like flowers ? 
 Here you go . Thank you very much . 	Melissa ? I ’ d like to invite you to my wife ’ s birthday party . 
 But I'm not used to looking up every new word when I'm reading a novel . I only look up the most necessary ones . 	How much is it ? 
 of course , that's something really irritating . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the supermarket first . And then you may negotiate for a fair deal . 	I like your new skirt . 
 I don't know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children ! 	Okay , here are the graphs and figures for this month's sales . Let's review them all together . 
 Thank you ! 	The bonus season is coming . How much of a bonus can I expect ? 
 I've never had one person that I'd idolized . The comparisons to Jul-ia Roberts are incredibly flattering . I don't really know who I would compare myself to . I'd like to be a combination of a lot of people . A little bit of everything , really . I haven't quite figured out where my strengths are yet , and I've definitely found my weaknesses . 	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ? 
 Sorry sir , it is the only flight wa have right now . 	I ’ Ve got a new boss . 
 Maybe you can correct it by going to a driving range before you play again . 	A cup of coffee sounds good , doesn't it ? 
 Fine , I want to book one for overnight . 	How should I dress for the party ? 
 Yeah , I ’ m dealing with it . Anyway . Thank you , Mike . 	I don ’ t know what I ’ m going to do ! It ’ s going to be impossible to make ends meet if I lose my job ! 
 All right . 	The road ahead is blocked . There might have been an accident . 
 I will . Thank you , dad . 	Reservations . Can I help you ? 
 Ten thousand . 	I'd like to help pitch in with dinner . 
 She said that she didn ’ t want to foul her own nest . 	What's the rate for a station wagon ? 
 Last year he helped me out of trouble , too . 	I think I found my Yankee's mug ... 
 Maybe . But I ‘ d rather be spoiled than turn into a crazy guy with a long period to talk to the birds . 	morning . Rent-A-Car Agency . May I help you ? 
 All right . If you really want to . 	Dad , where is the Book Building ? 
 Glad to see you too . 	Post office offer lots of services nowadays , don ’ t they ? Years age , you only really used the post office to send mail , save money , and send or collect money . 
 I think you'll really like the food there . 	How do you celebrate Thanksgiving in the US ? 
 Ok by me . 	Mary , besides the resume , I think we should also write an application letter . 
 I guess , here , give me 5,000 RIB worth . I might as well exchange a little extra . Who knows what the exchange rate will be tomorrow ! 	Hi , I would like to send this package to China , and these postcards as well . 
 It ’ s just a simple decorating . I just want to add my personality to my living space . 	You have been doing a great job this year and I am very satisfied with your work . 
 Yes , coffee , please . 	Excuse me , are you Dr . Smith ? 
 That is so nice of you . If I like the service and the training equipment , I think I well join the club . 	You know John ? 
 Yes , I can remember it very well that there used to be all sorts of animals and birds.But nowadays you just don't see the birds that you used to see around here . 	What else should we do now after the floors are done and after the furniture is in ? 
 Thank you for your compliments . 	Mark , you've been coming home late these days . What are you busy doing ? 
 No problem , here you are . 	The winter in Ottawa is freezing . 
 OK , I will . 	Can I help you ? 
 We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power . 	I'm coming to pick up my ticket . This is my reservation note . 
 Yeah . It ’ s pretty . 	Hello . Excuse me . Do you know if there's a Commercial Bank around here ? 
 OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday . 	Let's eat out . 
 Good question . But I will tell you when you pass the first two . 	You're just left school , haven't you , Emily ? 
 I ’ ll come tomorrow with cash . 	I'd like to order broadband internet for my laptop . 
 We can buy the popcorn before entering the cinema . 	Yikes ! What was that noise ? 
 I'm sure you'll pass it . 	Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ? 
 I can predict it will have the largest circulation in one or two years . 	So how ’ s everything going for Christmas ? 
 Yes , that'll be fine . How much is this going to cost ? 	Is anybody in ? 
 We can only go fast on the motor ways if there isn ’ t much traffic . I think we should allow ourselves plenty of time to get there . Being early is much better than being late . 	Wow , it all looks so good . I ’ m not sure what to choose . 
 I'd rather you didn't . 	How many credits are you taking this semester ? 
 Okay . I guess I could give it a try . 	Cheers ! To our first night in our new apartment . 
 No . Go to bed right now . 	Good afternoon . What can I help you with today ? 
 Certainly . We can work them out for you . 	I really like the apartment , but I was wondering if I could change some things . 
 Perfect . I'll see you in front of the apartment at eleven thirty . 	I think the government needs a radical plan to improve things . The government just talks , but in the long run , nothing is done to improve the economy . 
 Thank you . I appreciate your help . 	I really like my debate class . 
 Sounds good . Thanks a lot . 	Hello there , welcome to Wine World . Let me know if I can help you out at all . 
 You are right . For the past few weeks , I had no appetite and couldn ’ t sleep well . What ’ s worse my back started aching this Monday . It is time for me to take a vacation . 	Come in , Arnold . Have a seat . 
 That's good ! 	Good afternoon , Mr.Stein . I wonder if you are free tomorrow evening ? 
 Thank you , This is mine . 	May , my grandpa is ill . I will go to look after him . Catch you later ! 
 Ok . 	Employees in this company have to have a good command of English . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ? 
 What a strange guy ! 	Excuse me , can you tell me where the breakfast cereals are ? 
 So it is no wonder people cannot keep faith with it . 	Hello , is Marie Ward there , please ? 
 Anyway , it is worth trying . 	You stepped on my foot ! 
 If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet . 	So , Paula , where are you from ? 
 No problem . Thank you . 	The woman was beaten again . Why didn ’ t she call the police . 
 Sure , no matter what happened , they should wait to discuss in their office and find the solution in a positive way . 	What will happen to the children if you break up ? 
 Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment . 	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ? 
 You see , because we are often busy working , we eat too much fast food , and that food is very fattening . 	Nice day today , isn't it ? 
 Bye . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 I guess working with so much money has made me rather greedy . Maybe losing my job would be a good thing ! 	Oh , my ! It's really hot . I've never seen such scorching weather in my life . 
 I see . Thank you . 	What a brilliant smile ! 
 Then we'd better go back to our cabin . 	I like football best of all . 
 I wish you could make a reconsideration . If you don't reduce your price , we won't purchase from you any more because there's plenty of other business offering here . 	Susan , can you give me a hand ? 
 Oh , really ? 	Good morning ! What's wrong with you ? 
 Hey ! The movie hasn't even started and they're almost gone ! 	Your 3.5 percent share is going to be worth at least a million . 
 OK . I see . 	Good morning , Mr . Montgomery . I've been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams . 
 Thanks . I had learned so much from you and our colleagues . 	Something wrong ? 
 No problem . 	Hey Nick , what are you up to ? 
 They come from tropical countries . 	Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for ? 
 Oh , really ? I go to the rye every day . 	Is this the Friendship Hospital ? Please send an ambulance to 68 Hu Nan Road . 
 Well , that sounds like it would be OK . Just be careful . 	Hi ! Does this hotel have an exercise facility ? 
 You are welcome . 	Can you show me how to use this phone ? 
 What about the one after that ? 	Here is your room . I hope you like it . 
 All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks . 	Are you an American ? 
 I don't know when I can come . I'll let you know later . 	What a wonderful party ! I had a good time . How about you ? 
 S :: All right , ma ’ am , they ’ ll be ready for you in an hour . 	What are the requirements that you need to do the job ? 
 Well , I understand that . Your request is approved . Remember to give my best regards to your parents . 	To which gate do I need to go to catch connection flight Ll 01 to Madrid ? 
 See you ! 	I am starving . 
 These machines aren't very difficult to use . In fact , I quite like them . They are much faster than dealing with a band clerk . 	Can you believe me ? 
 I know . It ’ s always nice to have some closure , but I don ’ t think you ’ ll have a problem finding another girlfriend . 	I'd like to start by talking about prices . 
 It's super . 	Can you help me buy my textbooks ? 
 Oh , I see . I believe I can do the job well . 	Good morning , Mr . Smith . Would you like to see around the factory ? 
 Would you ask him to tell us more about the country ? 	Excuse me . 
 Thanks , goodbye . 	Where are you employed ? 
 I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days . 	How do you like Chinese food ? 
 Here you are . Keep the change . 	I like to open up a savings account please . 
 Wait a second ! There's the idea for this case ! “ Your motor oil should be as choice and fresh as your morning coffee . ” 	Hello.This is room 1205.Our message lamp is flaming . 
 OK , let's go to the cinema to see what's on . 	My wife is really a chatter box . It ’ s so boring . 
 You bet . The wrestlers had got sound defences and they simply couldn't make it . 	Yeah , I ’ Ve just moved here , and I ’ d like to activate my cell phone , and I ’ m not sure if I should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan . 
 Even if they break down , they're still works of art . 	Wow , Amy , look at that number . 
 I'm OK . I promise . Maybe you don't know that I have done with him for a long time . 	Can I help you ? 
 All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in . 	Hi , I want to check out . 
 Make it French please . 	Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . 
 I'm afraid I haven't got one in your size . 	Tiffany , why are more and more people turning to the Web to find a mate ? 
 Ok , good luck to you . 	Would you care for a cup of tea before your meal ? 
 Fine ! I want a divorce ! 	It seems so strange to be here , burying you , but it's not you . 
 It ’ s my honor . 	Yo baby , are you satisfied with the costume show in the street ? 
 So , you ’ re just starting back . Maybe you ’ d better tell me a little more about your experience . 	Your husband is very helpful , isn't he ? 
 You've got it ! But are we coming back for the music , or for the fruit ? 	Good morning , Wilson Association . 
 Ok . I'll take it.Here ' s the money . 	What he said disappointed me . 
 Nothing serious . The right one needs some air . 	I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days . 
 I'm honored that you think I would be qualified . But I would really have to think about this first . 	It's very thoughtful of you to invite me to your wedding . 
 If you take a 75 % position in the venture , we would take a back seat to you . 	Hey , Tom , I want to learn how to play golf . 
 Keep it and use it as rag . You can clean your bicycle with it . 	I ’ m glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here . 
 I ’ m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey ! 	Great . The bed is exactly what I have been looking for ! 
 Han . 	Can I still get tickets for tonight's performance ? 
 That ’ s right . Make sure you give the accounts department all your bank account details as soon as possible . 	Hi , Mary , I didn't see you at work this morning . Are you all right ? 
 Yes , it has been conquered by many people in history . 	I'm afraid I've a complaint to make , which is about the goods we ordered last week . 
 We can certainly give you faster turnaround , but it will cost you extra . 	Oh that ’ s a lovely necklace . 
 Thank you very much , Your Honor . 	Is the Chinese team taking the lead ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Can you assure the quality of this air conditioner ? 
 My co-worker had a whole bunch of bad office habits . She liked to name-drop ... we would be in a meeting and she would say , yesterday I was chatting with Tom . She meant Tom Solomon ... our CEO . 	Hi Joe . You met my new assistant , right ? 
 Hey ! Where are you going ... ? 	This shirt you gave me is not my favorite brand . 
 Oh , that's great . 	How were things in the Tokyo branch when you were there ? 
 Thank you for your kindness , ma'am . See you next Monday . 	I've got a reservation here . My name is John Sandals . 
 Can you repeat all that ? I think I'd better write it down . 	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? 
 you are welcome . 	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line . 
 Delighted I was able to help . 	Hello , Dora , I haven't seen you for a long time . Where have you been ? 
 This weekend would be OK with me . 	Excuse me . I'm your new neighbor , Jack . I just moved in . 
 That ’ s a good idea . 	Do you think it's time to sign the contract , Mr . Simpson ? 
 yeah , I think so . 	How was your business trip ? 
 Will you make some recommendation ? 	What's it made of , could you tell me ? 
 And I'll stick with real coffee . 	Front desk . May I help you ? 
 An ordinary return , please . 	Can I be of any help ? 
 Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year . 	Is it okay to have a day off next week ? 
 That ’ s a good idea . 	Are you being served , Sir ? 
 No problem . 	Julia , I apologize to you for what I have done . Please forgive me . 
 That's a good idea . Let's go ! 	Why do you want to be a tour guide ? 
 I'll clean my room before I leave . 	Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! 
 Thank you . 	Sorry , honey , something has cropped up again . I have to deal with it . Perhaps I will go to back home till very late . 
 Yeah , me too . 	Hi , Jim and Wendy . Where're you going ? 
 My roommate's having a party . 	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps . 
 Yes , I love my new life . 	You don't look very well . 
 It was exciting ! 	What are you worrying about ? 
 In the same way , probably . 	May I sit here ? 
 You got it . 	Alright , tell me what you think . 
 I'll make a report for you and please claim this to the insurance company with this report . 	You got a letter in the mail . 
 That ’ s it . You can get dressed when the film is developed . 	Why don't you watch where you're going ? 
 Well , just a little thin . 	How do you like the food ? 
 I ’ m glad . We have only about twenty things here , and I ’ m in a hurry to get home . 	Here we come . 
 Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which celebrate national day . 	How is your job search going , Janet ? 
 Thank you . 	I ’ m not sure what you expect me to do , Michelle . You ’ Ve not been very clear about any of this . 
 Just make sure to turn in all the necessary paperwork to ensure there are no problems with the days you want to take off . 	Excuse me . May I have a bus map , please ? 
 Well , it doesn't matter . I almost forgot it too if it is not for Peter who asked me about it this coming . 	I am really interested in buying this television . 
 The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it . 	We've got a problem ... it looks like we'll need more spotlights on the exhibition booth . The client thinks it's too dark , and they want to add halogen lighting . We've already got 3 sets of track lighting from you guys , do you think you could help us out and throw in some halogens ? 
 Let's take a cab . 	Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem ? 
 It's so beautiful . 	Where is it ? 
 It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator . 	What's the temperature today ? 
 No , don ’ t bother . It ’ s all right as it is . 	Hello . I would like to make a reservation at 8: 00 . 
 Hopefully , you'll say " yes " ... 	Come in . It's nice to see you again . 
 This is our office block . We have all the administrative department here , Sales , Accounts , Personnel , Market Research and so on . 	Will you be at the family reunion next year ? 
 Maybe they don ’ t agree with my taste . 	the bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? 
 Perhaps I should have a try . 	I stayed online chatting with friends all night . It was great fun . 
 That's great . I'll pick you up at eight . 	Good afternoon Miss.Are there plane tickets to San Francisco on the day after tomorrow ? 
 No worries . 	Can I help you ? 
 I don't see why we can't work on opening new markets and developing the markets we've already penetrated at the same time ... Both aspects of developing our customer base and developing our brand are important . 	Do you have any special skills ? 
 But ... OK . 	Hello , welcome to IBA . What can I do for you ? 
 As long as I don ’ t have to row . 	Hey , guys ! Did you see that sign ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I'm sure he was off-side . 
 Right . Let's go and find some fun . 	Good afternoon . Reservations . May I help you ? 
 I've got it . 	What date would you like to depart , sir ? 
 About 20 % of them come from other countries and the others are employed from domestic universities and colleges . 	Can anyone tell me where I can buy the ingredients to make Chinese food ? 
 Thank you ! We have really enjoyed our meal here . 	Susan , I am inviting you and Frank to our house warming party this weekend . 
 I dare you to say that again . 	What's the special today ? 
 That's wonderful , sir . Now , here's your key . Should you need anything , just dial 0 . 	Were you around when the robbery happened ? 
 Once I contact the owners and confirm the times , I will e-mail you a schedule . 	Our unit is participating in a fundraiser this weekend and would like to borrow the van , if possible . 
 It's not too bad today , actually . 828.23 . 	Rose , the weekend is coming . Let's discuss what we will do . 
 Thanks again . 	I'm here for my appointment . 
 Don ’ t mention it . 	Where are you from , Laura ? 
 Fine today , though a bit under the weather last week . 	Have you ever been involved in the auditing work ? 
 Thank you . 	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help . 
 Just nice water , thanks . 	John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question . 
 OK . Please step in . I know where it is . 	I need to know why I'm being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered . 
 That's all . 	Hey , Frank . I heard you got a new job . 
 No , I'm fine . Thank you . 	Have you heard about Michael's new home ? It's in one of the poshest areas in this area . 
 Just let me sleep five more minutes . 	Can I help you ? 
 Don ’ t you know they have had little affection for each other ? 	Where do you spend the weekend ? 
 Yeah . 	wow , it that your sports car ? 
 Great ! Let ’ s do it ! 	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? 
 Big head ! 	So you are green with envy at your neighbor ? 
 Watch out for strangers , and don't go too far away . Alright ? 	I need some more amenities , please . 
 I have booked you for one window seat on American airline flight No . 409 . Have a good trip ! 	It gives me great pleasure to introduce Mr ... eh Mr ... 
 Yes . Mostly to England and France . 	I would like to withdraw my money and close my account please . 
 I ’ ll do that soon . 	Did you take the job ? 
 Thank you . That's very nice of you . 	We have absolute proof that you committed the crime . 
 You've come to the right place.We ' Ve got the best shoes in town . 	Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street ? 
 Don ’ t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking . 	Hi , Mr . Smith . I ’ m Dr . Hawkins . Why are you here today ? 
 Thank you . I appreciate your help . 	Good morning . Sales Division . Alex speaking . 
 Bye . 	Hey Sarah , are you all right ? You look upset . 
 Fine . Also , would you mind if I asked to see a surveyor ’ s report of your products ? I may have a few more questions about your quality analysis . 	And so , that concludes my outline for our marketing strategy next year . Thank you very much for your time . 
 Yes , it definitely bothers me more when I do that . 	Dad , what are we doing tonight for fun ? 
 Okay , sir . Sleep well . 	Good morning , you look very tired . 
 Well , I will see . How was your day at the office ? 	I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ? 
 You're welcome . 	Doctor , my child is nine years old , and I recently found that he was constantly telling lies about how he is doing at school . 
 And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face . 	Just as the saying goes , every potter praises his own pot . You should pay special attention to selling yourself properly in the interview . 
 Last night he told the children a cliff-hanger story and both of them were scared out of sleep . 	Good Morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Sure . 	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place . 
 Take my word for it . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 I ’ m not sure , but I will arrange for you and inform you as well . 	it's a lovely day , isn't it ? 
 Thanks for the invitation . I will ! 	Operator ! Operator ! 
 Let me have a look . Oh , no . They are Chinese poems which describe this happy scene . 	You didn't tell me she was married ! 
 You'll be OK . It's just a little bit ... 	Hello , Mary . What ’ s the matter with you ? You look upset . 
 I am sorry . It's a one-price shop . 	May I help you , ma'ma ? 
 Certainly . 	What kind of movies do you like , Sue ? 
 My mother-in-law used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun . 	Do you want to sign for a Korea language class ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Actually , you can take advantage of our " New Millennium Woman " promotion . 
 Don't worry . The pilot knows what he's doing . 	Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? 
 You should have told me earlier . I am a cookie lover . 	Did you see the 2005 Grammy Awards on TV last night . 
 Yes . 	I need my minibar restocked . 
 You are welcome . Please feel free to ask if you have any more questions . 	Welcome to IBA Consumer Credit . What can I assist you with ? 
 Wow , that would be something to look forward to . 	Excuse me , this is my first time on a plane . How do I check in ? 
 Yes . You think a lot , too . 	Come in , please . 
 All right . I'll buy a newspaper when I go to the drugstore . 	How have you been ? 
 Bye , Ann ! 	Jenny , you look terrible . What's eating you ? 
 Sometimes , but not quite often . 	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! 
 I just don't trust you any more . 	You didn't come to work yesterday.What happened ? 
 I can ’ t give you a definite answer . Let ’ s play it by ear . 	Are you familiar with American-styled accounting ? 
 Here you are . You ’ ll find the sugar just over there . 	My latte looks like that shoe polish we did an ad for last month . 
 Well , that is easy ! It sure beats waiting in line for ages waiting to deal with a real person ! 	Good morning , sir . Have a seat please . 
 Well , it's cheap and actually the color fades easily when washed . 	It ’ s time for me to go now . 
 That's fine . 	I was thinking of holding the company retreat in the mountains . 
 What would you do without me ? 	I really need to lose some weight . I should go on a diet . 
 I guess so . 	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? 
 I think whiskey will be a good choice . 	Good morning , Miss Monica . Nice to meet you again ! 
 Why do you worry about your future ? You're very young , and you'll make great contribution to the world . I hope you take my advice . 	What ’ s up ? You don ’ t look too good . 
 Sure . 	I watched a very interesting documentary about plants yesterday evening . It was called unusual plants and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features . 
 Now , have you ever thought of going by express bus ? 	Hello , Mr . Gao . We appreciate your letting us have the apartment . 
 Not at all . Turn left out of the hotel and it's about a five minute walk . 	Excuse me , you look lost.Can I help you ? 
 Yes . 	Did you see May today ? 
 Of course , we are the happiest family in the world . 	Great party , isn't it ? 
 Oh , really ? Thanks a lot ... well , I still have a lot to learn , I guess . 	have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? 
 Yes , the couple that I highlighted at today's show met on Match.com and they're getting married this summer . 	Nice to see you , Patrick . 
 Well , I'll be back in a minute . 	I ’ m sure that the boy will become nobody when he grows up . 
 Well , how can I put this ? France is a terrible team . 	Happy Birthday ! This is for you , Kate ! 
 I think you'll like the experience , sir . It's a great workout . 	Could you tell me where you put all the pots and pans ? 
 I guarantee you that our little “ friends ” won't be back . I hope your trip home is pleasant . 	Could I speak to Mr . Wu , please ? 
 I like it . 	Turn on the TV , please . 
 We appreciate your business . 	Morning , Mum ! 
 That ’ s wonderful ! You must be really proud of him ! 	I had a busy morning . 
 thank you for reminding me . I'll continue to exercise as soon as I finish this project . 	We will have a vacation next month . Why not have a tour ? 
 Next Saturday at the earliest . 	Look how fast that car can accelerate ! 
 It ’ s unbelievable . He used to be such a rough guy . 	I would like to exchange Chinese money into German currency please . 
 No problem . Bob . 	Look ! Allen has the mic ! 
 That's right . Welcome to Great Britain . 	What did you do this weekend , Kate ? 
 Don't worry about it . Try to look on the bright sight of things . 	This room is unacceptable . I want a new one , and I want a refund for tonight . 
 maybe people don ’ t like to have friends that are all the same . Most people like a little variety in their lives-including a variety of characteristics in their friends . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thanks , goodbye . 	How do you do . I ’ m Mark Rancor . 
 Alright . I'll buy a newspaper when I go to the drug store . 	I really need to find a bus that goes by PCC . 
 I will , thank you for calling . 	Can't you delay your return a little bit ? 
 A juice and a coke . 	They got a divorce at last . 
 I will be there after 20 minutes . 	How many people are in your family ? 
 You're welcome . 	Are you paying in cash or by credit card ? 
 So , that's one " Fried Rice , Hangzhou Style " , one " Fruit Salad " and two bottles of Carlsborg beer . We'll send them to your room in 20 minutes . 	I want to buy some jewellery . 
 Sounds delicious . OK . She'll try that . 	We ’ Ve got a lot of work to do now , but take your time over this project . We don ’ t want to make any mistakes . 
 Oh , really ? I go to the gym every day . 	Foreign Currency Deposits Counter , yes . What can I do for you ? 
 Excuse me , sir . Could you take a photo for us ? Just press this button . 	How do I know when to tell EDD that have I started a new job ? 
 I will take your advice . 	Mike , I'm afraid I can't come back home for dinner tonight . 
 Welcome here again . 	How are the children doing at sport ? 
 Well , I think you prepare it well and capture good savings , retiring early can give you a lot more time for travel and other activities , you should get out and enjoy the life you still can't , don't you think ? 	Did you smell something ? It smells so great . 
 We can do that , but you'll have to pay a little extra . 	So what do you think of my new dress ? 
 A Capricorn is serious-minded and practical . She likes to do things in conventional ways . That sounds just like you ! 	It's nice and bright today , isn't it ? 
 I'm a teacher . 	Is there anything wrong ? 
 OK , thank you , Doctor . 	That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though . 
 Possibly . 	I want to settle my account . 
 Let's go and try now ! 	Your brand new car is so excellent . I like it very much . 
 It makes me sick . 	Where on earth are we going to borrow at 3 % ? 
 May be I can have a try . But I'm on vacation now . 	I'm scared that she might not come back . 
 Thanks . I appreciate that . 	Take me to this address , please . 
 Here's ten . Keep the change . 	I want to fly to Congo on Monday , the 17th . 
 Thanks . If I ’ m interested , I ’ ll go to the library . 	Hello , is Jack there ? 
 Why not ? We should do it . Because now we can afford it . 	Hi , David ! What are you doing ? 
 Thanks to global warming , it could be hotter than ever ! 	What's your favorite TV Program ? 
 That would be a good idea . 	Is the environment a big issues in your country ? It is in mine . 
 I don't know . But I bet it must have been a good offer , or she wouldn't have accepted it . 	How can I help you today ? 
 Really ? I ’ ll take it then . 	How ’ s the food ? 
 Mark is one of them . He has trouble with a girl who turned out to be a dead beat . 	Hello , thanks for calling 123 Tech Help , I ’ m Todd . How can I help you ? 
 OK , you're through now . 	Recently , there prevails ' Net Love ' ! 
 Don't worry . Besides , it's a lot cheaper to wash clothes this way . 	Bob ! Your eyes look bloodshot . Did you not sleep well ? 
 Don't worry about it . I've got another one I can use . 	Have you ever served in any international trading company ? 
 Can you bring me something ? I am totally hooked on this game ! 	My accounts go where I go . Vince knows that . 
 Yeah , you are right , but it's really interesting . 	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ? 
 Oh , I don't know.It depends . 	Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? 
 Not really . 	What are we eating for lunch ? 
 Maybe . Who knows ? 	He is planning again . 
 OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . 	Japanese is easy to learn . 
 You too . 	May I help you find something , sir ? 
 I'm sorry , Ms.Jenkins is away from her desk.She has already left for lunch.Would you like to leave a message for her ? 	Hi Sam . 
 Yes , thank you . 	Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? 
 Room 202 , but I'm afraid we have to ask for a deposit of $ 200 . 	Shall we start decorating the bedroom ? 
 No . Thank you for the time . 	I'll have a whole-wheat loaf , three white loaves , a baguette and ten rolls , please . How much is that ? 
 Ok . 	Excuse me , sir . I've made a tough decision and here is my resignation . 
 I guess so . What else can we do ? You can ’ t stay in the heat for long . 	good morning . What seems to be the problem ? 
 I think we should go over there and see if we can apply for that program . 	Do you like Barry ? 
 The regular price is $ 2980.00 , but until December the 31st it ′ s on sale for just $ 2,699 . 00 . 	Excuse me , madam . May I see your ticket , please ? 
 That's cool . I've heard LA has an all-Asian channel on cable . 	Do you feel better ? 
 We'd better also leave him alone . 	Excuse me , is this seat taken ? 
 No starch . 	Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs ? 
 At 2 PM , give a presentation here with the press . At four o ’ clock sharp , have dinner with Mr . Smith , manager of NCC . 	I would like you to meet my family . Can you come to dinner next week at my parents ' place ? 
 Well , I was looking in this magazine the other day and cruises are not very expensive at all . Take a look at this ! 	Could you bring me some food , please ? 
 Goodbye . 	Are you studying any languages here ? 
 Oh , yes , I would ! 	Would you like to stretch your legs ? 
 I'll be sure to do that . 	Where do you wish me to take you , sir ? 
 I ’ ll be ready . 	Oh , man . I had the best supper last night . My wife made a stir-fry and it was amazing ! 
 It has a built-in hard-wired memory , but I like to use the 64MB media cards that come with it . I can download everything onto the hard drive and then edit and enhance with different software . It takes fantastic pictures that I can either print out or E-mail to my friends . 	I'm afraid we can't increase salary this year , money is just too title . 
 I know what you mean . I ’ m not only after bucks . There ’ s something more in life . 	Mary , please go to the door . I hear the bell . 
 Let ’ s meet at 12 thirty . it will probably take us three or four hours to see all of the exhibits . 	I came in to see how my home inspection went . 
 No , thank you . 	Welcome to IBA . What can I do for you today ? 
 you bet it ! 	What do you say we stop in at that Burger King over there and grab a bite ? 
 I hope so . 	Can you tell me the best way to see the city ? 
 No , that ’ s no problem . I ’ m sorry to hear you ’ re not feeling well . Get some rest . If you need to see a doctor , let me know . 	what ’ s the cheapest way to go there ? 
 Who cares ? 	Hello ? This is Mike here . May I have a word with Grace ? 
 Oh , thank you . Your skirt looks beautiful , too . 	What was your duty like in your previous job ? 
 And it takes two to make an agreement too . You have no guts , I am afraid . 	Hello . This is Hamilton ’ s Heating and cooling service . Can I help you ? 
 That ’ s great . Thanks a lot . 	How do you like your work ? 
 OK . Don't forget to get your ticket three days ahead . 	What do you do in your spare times ? 
 I think you should give it a shot . What do you have to lose ? You can always change your mind . 	The Smiths are arriving at our city tomorrow . Can you draw up a schedule for them ? If they want to make any changes , minor changes can then be made . 
 No , thanks . 	Waiter , please make out the bill . 
 Thank you , I will be doing my best . 	I like NBA very much . 
 I'd like a gin and tonic . 	I'm looking for some black pumps to go with my evening gown . Could you show me what you have ? 
 I said I am informing you of the interview . 	I feel pity for the old man . 
 I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over . 	Hello , Barneys Garage . 
 Not at all . 	Do you need help with something ? 
 Then something must be wrong with the meter . 	What a police officer ! 
 Gate 29C . Have a nice flight . 	Please forgive me for rushing into your room forgetting to knock at the door . 
 Nothing . I think I'll take the job . 	Excuse me , miss . Can I have my dinner please ? I am so hungry . 
 But I think time can change everything . 	I'll always remember my college days . 
 Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too . 	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ? 
 Ok . Maybe you should invite your sister along , too . 	Uh ... that's Greek to me . 
 Thanks a million , you are a lifesaver . 	Do you offer a course in business management ? 
 The hot drinks first would be great . Thanks ! 	I don ’ t know what activity my son should take part in ? 
 OK , I'll take it . 	You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ? 
 Ever since I saw computer can do your project , I wanted to have a computer . 	How was your education going on in Australia ? 
 Wonderful . 	What would you be doing in U . S . A ? 
 You're right . I'll take them all . 	John hasn't got married up to now . 
 You have nothing to worry about with her . 	How do you know ? I thought Taiwanese people didn't have garage sales . 
 My pleasure . 	Hello Mr Fang ! It's good to see you again . What can we do for you today ? 
 Maybe now I ’ ll get that promotion I was hoping for . 	Good evening . Do you have a reservation ? 
 How do you do ? 	Whose part do you think is best played ? 
 Sure . I'll give you mine too . Then we can call if we have to cancel for some reason . 	Excuse me , I want to know what's your price per dozen for exercise books ? 
 Yes , It's supposed to be outstanding . 	Good Morning , Mrs . Schmidt ! I see you're standing on your head again . 
 This one is 5 % off . That one has no reduction , but you can get a free tube of toothpaste with six toothbrushes . 	Do you like cooking ? 
 You ’ re a part of history . 	Is there a medication you can prescribe to help me with my problem ? 
 Thanks . Things are going to be different now . 	We will carry out the order when the purchase order gets here . 
 It means there must be no naked flames or sparks anywhere near flammable materials . If the materials ignite , it could cause a serious fire and the fumes they give off can be very dangerous if you inhale them . 	Did you know that drinking beer helps you sing better ? 
 I am sorry , there is no difference . 	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? 
 Thanks , dear . 	I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . 
 OK , sir . I'll see what I can do . 	I'm sorry to make you wait . What did you decide ? 
 That's perfect ! Can you say that again and record it for me ? 	Hello . Overseas operator . May I help you ? 
 Here's your change . Thank you . 	No . 164 in lane 3 achieved 11 ' 16 in the 100 meter dash . Isn't that something ? 
 Yes , it is Smith . 	Are you all right ? 
 Please drop it at the front desk when you leave tie hotel . 	Are these your triplets ? They ’ re beautiful ! I ’ Ve seen other babies who were nothing but skin and bones at their age . You know , they ’ re absolutely identical of you and John ! Are you planning on having any more ? 
 Good night , madam . 	Hi , I need to copy something right now . 
 Thanks . I'm going to follow your advice and pop down to the supermarket right now . 	Listen to this . Mary got married . 
 OK . If you really insist , I could always use the company . 	How are your stocks doing , Jim ? 
 All right , sir . You would receive dinner in about 15 minutes . 	You look upset , is there anything wrong ? 
 Well , a working relationship . I think a company is a place to get work done . Certainly friendly , open relationships among all company employees is important . But I think an employee should be serious about his or her work responsibilities and have a working relationship with the boss . 	What can I do for you , young man ? 
 Try it and if you can't do it , one of us can always help you later . 	Merry Christmas ! 
 Ok , I ’ ll take a return ticket on the soft sleeper please . 	Oh , no ! 
 It will be a piece of cake . 	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ? 
 I'm saying this ship needs a new captain . Are you with me , or aren't you ? 	Jack and Mary broke up . 
 So we can get down to business . 	Hello , Mr Trent . What can I do for you this afternoon ? 
 Thanks , it hasn ’ t been easy , but luckily we have life insurance and Wendy left behind a detailed will that will sort out any other legal matters . 	Who finances the magazine ? 
 You'll love this ! I can use a stylus to draw a map on the touch screen and then use the fax mode to send it to another phone . 	May I have an appointment with you tonight ? 
 I told you the truth . According to the contract , if you fail to honor the contract , we are entitled to cancel it . 	My son closed his ear to what I said . I don ’ t know what I should do . 
 Welcome . I could use the help . 	Are you ready to go shopping ? 
 Thanks , Serena . 	I'd like to get my laundry . 
 Did I ? Let me see that ... Oh , sorry ... here you are . 	Do you know a bus I can take from Altadena to downtown LA ? 
 Well that's great ! It's nice that we have something in common . 	His grandfather is the richest person in the area . 
 Just a moment and I'll get your order right away . Sorry to cause the inconvenience . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 Yes , you must . 	Wake up sleepyhead.The sun is beginning to shine . What a lovely summer day ! 
 Yeah , at least when we are children , we have not so much homework to do . 	Tom . Please do not disturb me for the next hour . 
 Quite well . I took the National English Speaking Contest in CCTV 2008 and I got first place . 	Have you heard who got elected ? 
 Thank you . 	Are you here for the position advertised in China Daily ? 
 Yeah , I'd better head for home . 	Excuse me , what's the price of a single room ? 
 For sure another day . 	Consumer Credit Department . How may I help you ? 
 I don't . I like the work . 	A friend of mine is now in the big house . He was caught red-handed for selling cocaine . 
 Thank you . The change , sir . 	Hi , Maggy , Did you hear about David ? 
 And also tell me how to use other switches . 	What ’ s the life expectancy in your country ? 
 Many times there are special services available to certain groups like Women at Work or job help for non-English speakers . 	What are your hobbies , Mr . Green ? 
 Okay . Keep in touch . 	Hello , Vicki . 
 Well , I have a lot of work . I'll see how to goes . 	How's your girlfriend ? 
 That is my work , i will try it . 	Is there anything I could help you with , sir ? 
 Yeah , I just bumped into the table . 	How are you wedding plans going ? 
 I guess I might take a look at it . 	How far is this address from here , please ? 
 I'd love to . 	Hi , Ben . Here are the top ten of this week's top chart . 
 Well , I also have ... 	The answer for number 6 is C , 7 is B , 8 is A ... 
 OK . 	What happened ? Why didn't he win ? 
 Let ’ s go then . 	Like to come over to our fancy dress party ? 
 I see.Thank you . 	I didn't like my brother's batting around without doing anything useful . 
 Thank you for your advice . I ’ ll try it . 	Can you help me now ? 
 I don ’ t know . 	I was wondering whether you could ship the tennis racket overseas to Taiwan . 
 Congratulations ! 	Good afternoon , Mrs . Brown . I've come to see Mr . Brown . 
 My roommate ’ s having a party . 	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ? 
 That's a good idea.Let ' s go ! 	How about your interview ? 
 I didn't think of it.Thank you.And I do apologize for being late . 	Hello ! 
 Okay , I'll grill some corn then . 	How are you getting along with your paper ? 
 It's a promise . 	Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto . 
 I ’ m just going to keep going to PCC . 	I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth . 
 Thanks John , and there you have it ! Looks like it ’ s a weekend to stay at home ! 	Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ? 
 Not at all . I see you and your family twice a week , and I enjoy seeing my own friends . I ’ m too busy to feel lonely ! 	May I help you ? 
 Come on , grow up . Have you seen Vince around ? 	Mr . : For tomorrow , read pages 12 to 20 . Then do exercises one through ten on page 21 . 
 No problem . 	Taxi ! 
 That ’ s a pity . We can arrange another time hopefully . 	Well now that I know what kind of movies you like , tell me , what's your least favorite kind of movie ? 
 OK , that shall be arranged . 	Hello , I'd like to get a seat on flight PB12 to Rome . 
 Really ? We have only one chance every year . 	Can I help you ? 
 Oh , I wonder if she ’ ll go for that . 	Can I help you ? 
 See you . Bye . 	I'm tired of you always wearing my clothing ! 
 You bet it ! 	Hi , what ’ re you reading ? 
 You are welcome . 	How may I help you ? 
 I'm afraid so except we have many no-show passengers . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 That is wonderful . 	May I help you ? 
 Can you see what his schedule is like on Wednesday ? 	What does a housing go for in south mountain district ? 
 There is a maple leaf on the flag . 	Do you have a foreign tour ? 
 Twelve . He's very sensible for his age . 	Have you got some nice apples in stock today ? 
 Look ! David gives his following-comment on my first blog . He is my first visitor . 	I find that every employee here respects that manager very much . 
 Yes , you may enjoy a seven-day paid holiday in the first year . After that , you can have two more days each year . 	Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old Mc Donald . 
 Thank you very much . 	What is a visa used for ? 
 I ’ m ready and willing to help . 	What a nice day ! 
 It's about a girl . No , an angel ! I'm going to the coffee shop where she works right now . 	Are you interested in history ? 
 Yeah , that makes sense . 	Welcome , Mr . Sun . 
 Sure , just a second . All right , what time ? 	Quite a few people are laid off these days . 
 Oh , that's what you think , huh ? 	You know , Taylor's been in the hospital for a couple of days . 
 Certainly . A simple letter from your bank would be quite satisfactory . 	My name is Mary , and I will be your server this evening . 
 Thank you . 	I need to get my prescription filled . 
 Hum ... OK . I will take it . 	Well , sir , we are asking all our guests to wear a jacket and a tie in our restaurant . 
 You probably won't have to wait for anyone , sir . 	Mrs . Miller , you are an old friend of ours . In order to encourage future business and as a gesture of friendship , we are prepared to cut our price by 5 % . Will that satisfy you ? 
 So get prepared for everything . 	How many rooms are you looking for ? 
 Whatever you say . 	Did you hear something ? 
 The stock exchange where I worked was too small My further promotion was impossible . I am able of more responsibilities , so I decided to leave . 	Are you really dating with Frank ? 
 Wait a moment , Mick . You haven't . . . Mick ? Are you still there ? You haven'tgiven me your new address . Hello ? Mick ? Hello ? 	Why do you look so gloomy ? What are you looking for ? 
 You should have kept trying . 	What a mess , Jack ! 
 Even if it doesn't work , it's a beautiful collectible . 	Good morning . 
 Oh , it ’ s been uh ... fifteen minutes . 	Good morning . 
 Give me some time to think about it . 	Excuse me ! How can I get to the post office , please ? 
 All of the extensions are listed on the wall chart over there if you ever need help . 	Did you take my money from the table ? 
 Don ’ mention it . I ’ m glad to help . 	Hello , is this Professor Clark ? 
 Sure . What's up ? 	Are you ready to order now , sir ? 
 Really ? 	Will you introduce me to the new colleague ? 
 It ’ s going to cost you $ 25 . 	I'm really sorry , but I seem to have misplaced your towel . 
 You can ’ t take me to jail ! What about my sleigh ? It ’ s Christmas Eve ! I have presents to deliver ! Rudolph ! Prancer ! Dancer ! Get help ! 	How is Tom now ? 
 Fantastic . 	Can you drive ? 
 It's not too late . Go to buy some now . 	Excuse me , what time is the next train to New York ? 
 That ’ s why many people look up to him . 	Your husband is very helpful , isn't he ? 
 ok . Then I can make up my mind . 	Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ? 
 Do what you have to do ! One other thing , don ’ t tell the rest of the stockholders about this . If they find out , it ’ s the end of this company ! 	You married Joe , didn't you ? 
 I know . But I'd like to try . Look , here are some advertisements that I've cut out . 	Hello , this is Lucie Jing calling from Lincoln Bank . May I speak to Mr Was , please ? 
 I just want to have a coffee , I think . 	I'm calling to cancel a reservation I made earlier in the week . 
 If I were him , I would give him a good talking-to . I would insist on his stopping fooling around like that . 	We're supposed to check in at the Air China's counter 30 minutes before take-off , Joe . 
 Bye . 	Is this your first time visiting Beijing ? 
 Here you are . 	I need to talk to you about something . 
 This PC is top of the line and I guarantee it will never freeze ! If it does , we ’ ll give you your money back ! 	How ’ s your little girl , Debbie ? 
 All right.Thank you . 	Bob , What are you thinking about ? 
 I ’ m sorry . Todd , but Mr . Emory felt that it was going too slowly , and that it needed a fresh start . He should have told you . 	I love slim girls , don ’ t you ? 
 I'll do that.Thank you.Have a safe trip home . 	Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ? 
 I see . How do I draw money for my own use then ? 	How about going to the cinema tonight ? 
 What about water pollution instead of pollution ? 	On balance , dress designing appeals to me most . 
 I think as long as you try your best and don ’ t think of anything too much , everything will be all right . 	What characteristics should an interpreter own ? 
 She's a late riser . 	Gordon , you're ever so late . 
 You're right . If I were the teacher , I wouldn't have done that . 	Do you have any seats available ? 
 Why don't you take it for a test drive , and think it over . 	Hi , Larry , how was your weekend ? 
 What ? You call that a stir fry ? More meat than vegetables ? That ’ s the worst insult you could throw at a Chinese stir fry . What a disgrace to the wok she fried it in ! What you had is equivalent to a fajita without the wrap ! 	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? 
 Thank you . I'll work hard . 	Have you anything to declare ? 
 Good idea . 	So what did you get ? 
 Yes , That ’ s right . 	Hi there ! My name's Terry Graham . You're new around here , huh ? 
 Fine . See you later . 	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? 
 My pleasure , and have a good time ! 	Why are you holding me in this jail cell ? 
 Here you are . 	Our productivity has been down for more than six months now . I'm seriously considering pulling in an outside consultant to diagnose the cause of our problematic areas . I think we'd all benefit from an outsider's perspective . Sometimes we're just too closed to the problems to see the forest for the trees . 
 Ha , yes , brilliant ! 	These three hours chatting with you have been very ... interesting . Could you please tell us why we're here ? 
 I see . Well , good luck ! 	Nice day , isn't it ? 
 That ’ s so unfair ! 	I'd like to purchase a pan . 
 I see . 	You are married to a foreigner , huh ? So what ’ s it like ? 
 That's all right . 	You ’ re all set now ? 
 Certainly . The service cart will be down the aisle again soon . 	Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 
 I don't like them . I think they are too icky . 	I want a pair of enameled leather shoes in size 30 . 
 Got it . Thank you , Shirley . 	You stink ! 
 Well , it sounds like you really enjoyed yourself . 	Um , hello again . Are you sure you don't want to make a purchase , sir ? 
 All right , sir . 	Is there anything wrong ? 
 It wasn't me . 	Taxi . 
 Well , he has already taken you know , that's his wife right there . 	What will I earn per year in this job ? 
 Well , you should talk with your son and let him make his own decision . 	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ? 
 For sure all the customers will benefit from this . 	I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations ! 
 You ’ re such a geek ! 	Did you hear about Joe ? She hasn't eaten for days . 
 Thank you . I'm glad that you believe me . 	Hey Sarah . Why are you limping ? 
 Make it three cups . Here comes Harry . 	I miss grandma . I dreamed about her yesterday . 
 I just saw a red van pulling into the driveway . Is that her ? 	Julia , what do you think of the network ? 
 Uh huh ... 	You must be feeling terrible for Mary . 
 Well , don ’ t be late . I ’ ll see you on Friday at helen ’ s . 	Hello , Rachel . It's glad to see you here . 
 Yes , 50 Yuan per month . 	Are you a happy married man ? 
 I will have the latest editions . 	Sue ? Do you want to join the softball team ? We need another player . 
 It's true , sir . 	Sir , may I help you ? 
 You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need help . 	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ? 
 That's a lot of money . Let me think about it carefully . 	I'm starving ! It would be truly appreciated if you bought me a burrito . 
 It is stupid to say so . 	Did you hear about that accident on the 5 ? There was a sixty-two-car pile up . 
 My pleasure , Sir . Bye . 	How do you use an ATM card , Billy ? 
 It is thoughtful . I will take it . 	Are you leaving ? 
 Be patient for just a few minutes , sir , and someone will be at your door . 	What do you need today ? 
 No . I'll try them . Sounds good . 	Mr . Rogers ? 
 Since yesterday . 	Wow ! That ’ s a pretty dress , but it ’ s too expensive . 
 I have never tasted that . I would like to have a try today . 	What ’ s “ pi ” ? 
 My car run out of petrol . 	Do you keep any pets , such as cats , dogs ? 
 We have to wait six more minutes ! 	Good morning , Miss Li . 
 No.You can't suddenly make smoking illegal . But the government could prohibit smoking in public places like cinemas and theaters . 	I can ’ t find my purse . Have you seen it ? 
 Yes . Please sign your name at the bottom of the Exchange Receipt . Thanks very much and here's your money . 	What do you know about Julia Roberts ? 
 I was so angry that I could not keep cool . What I need is just an apology . 	Any plans tonight ? 
 Okay . 	Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now . 
 I'm sorry . I forgot to show you the lid . It comes with the pan . 	I'd like to buy some souvenirs . 
 my pleasure . 	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors . 
 Except housework , that is . 	I'd like to see that pen , please . 
 That's smart . I'm going to start doing the same thing . 	This is just for you . Cheers ! Bottoms up . 
 And humility . I would have liked to meet him personally . 	Sir , I've finished your shaving . Wow , it takes years off you after having a shave . 
 What is it ? 	Can you ship this batch of cotton within five or six weeks ? 
 Would you mind waiting ? I'm on the telephone . 	Albert ? Could you co-sign this approval sheet ? Accounting ’ s getting really picky . 
 He is afraid of his father-in-law . 	What's wrong , Frank ? 
 You've got no guts ! 	I have never you mention this friend . Are you on very good terms with him or her ? 
 What a good goal ! 	Could you just hold this for me ? 
 Yes , sir . We are looking forward to your coming . 	Julia , are you free tonight ? 
 I ’ m not too worried about it . I always seem to find something . 	OK , Mr . Wu . You may come in . I'm Anne Smith and on my right , my colleague , Anna Duncan , and on my left , Angela Lamb . Do please sit down . 
 Just go ! It's Valentine's Day ! 	Would you like to have some more wine ? 
 It works better than any medicine , Lily . I'll make you a glass right now , and you'll finish it ! 	Hello , towing service . What ’ s your problem ? 
 I am sure we will . 	this bloody computer ! 
 Let's rock n ' roll . 	Rachel has decided to quit smoking . 
 Don't worry , it's not serious . You will get better soon . 	Have you heard about Alice and David ? 
 OK , sir . 	Welcome to Perfect Getaway Tours . How can I help you ? 
 OK , good-bye . 	Good morning , everyone . We will get to destination in only one hour . 
 Well , you'd better start studying harder if you want to pass this class . 	Do you consider yourself a good mother ? 
 All right , I see . 	I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? 
 That ’ s a good point . Car owners will probably be against it , but people who use public transport will be in favor of it . 	Did you see who the suspect was ? 
 Thank you so much . You guys are really responsible . 	Do you have experience in advertising ? 
 Please come again . 	Do you have any special interests besides your job ? 
 It's a private garden . 	How are your Chinese lessons going ? 
 See you around . 	Dad , do you know where Mom is ? 
 That sounds simple enough . It's Friday today , I'll be back on Monday morning , first thing , with all of the relevant data . See you then , and enjoy your weekend . 	Hello , Friendship Hotel . How can I help you ? 
 You should be excited about your first vote . 	Mary and Tom are breaking up . 
 That ’ s the way to go . 	I want to buy some cloth to make a curtain . Which one is better ? 
 Good.If you happen to see Jim and Bob on the way see if they would like a game of singsong . 	I'm tired of this job . 
 Oh , it's delicious ... 	Good morning , is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Stick around and you'll get to know him better . He has a very unusual personality . 	What colour is her hair ? 
 Thank you so much . You're an expert . 	My goodness ! What happened ? You have blood on your face . 
 You forgot all of about it , didn't you ? 	Hey ! That food was terrific . I can't eat another bite . Are you sure you don't want another dish ? 
 It's on the service counter over there . Please go to help yourself . 	Hurry up , will you ? 
 But what about tomorrow ? What if Stars.com decides to go with WebTracker , and not us ? 	Good day . How can we assist you ? 
 This situation isn't easy to handle . 	Hello , may I speak to Alice please ? 
 I like Renaldo the most . 	It's beautiful here . 
 You'll get used to it , Mikel , trust me . 	I think Bill Clinton is a good president . 
 You must have seen some other kind of bird . 	Can you change American dollars into French francs . 
 Impossible ! 	Hi . My minibar is empty . 
 we can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit . 	I prefer potatoes to eggplants . 
 Yes , they are different because they are printed by the Ministry of Finance in set amounts . Just 100 RIB , 500 RIB and 1,000 RIB , you cannot choose from many amounts , you see . 	How do you usually spend your leisure time ? I mean , do you have any special interests out of your job ? 
 OK ... there we go . Thanks very much . 	You look really nice today . 
 Yes , blue Cheese please . 	How do I look in this new dress ? 
 Look , the reason I came into your store is because I was spending the day with Annabell and matt . And I was buying them presents . I ’ m the type of guy who likes to buy his way into the hearts of children who are his relative . And there ’ s only one place to find a children ’ s book in the neighborhood . That will not always be the case . And it was yours . And it is a charming little bookstore . You probably sell what 350,000 worth of books in a year . 	Have you signed up to join the company ’ s Christmas party ? 
 Sure . Coming right up . 	Oh ! Is it too hot ? I'm sorry . 
 Poor girl ! 	Hey man , you hit my car . 
 Yes . I'll pick you up first , and then we'll go get Megan . 	What should I do if I notice a fire ? 
 if you haven't tried Beijing duck yet , I'd like to treat you to a meal at a famous duck restaurant near Qianmen . It would be a pity if you left without tasting it ! 	Good afternoon . 
 I hope you can stay for dinner . I need a guinea pig ! 	Melanie , can you help me with something ? We need to finalize the account with the Mexican Embassy and , I need some advice on phrasing this letter correctly in English . 
 Twenty minutes ’ walk at most . 	I would like to order some internet today . 
 When you settle down , I'll show you around and introduce you to the department managers . 	Hey , Jack , where's your car ? 
 How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor . 	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? 
 OK . I will catch you later . 	Is my car ready yet ? 
 That's great ; my health club membership is about to expire . 	Here's the restaurant we're meeting the Smiths at . 
 Of course . 	Are you doing the job the way I suggested ? 
 OK . 	Would you tell me how I should send this parcel to Shanghai , China ? It contains only books . 
 I'll wait . 	Excuse me . Can I ask you a question ? 
 You can send a compressed one . 	This is tough to say , John , but I think we should break up . 
 All right . 	Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? 
 Let's see what else is on first . 	Do you have coffee shops in China , too ? 
 People don't usually tip here , but you can.Fifty dollars should be more enough . 	Are you going to the beach this saturday afternoon ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	How big is your family ? 
 Anthony , you were caught making international calls from the office phone , you called in sick in eight times this month and you smell like alcohol ! 	Who's that ? 
 Grabbing , pushing and shoving ... 	You look upset , anything wrong ? 
 You are always so naughty . 	You are saying he will be promoted to the general manager ? 
 Good-bye , sir 	Oh , you are out of breath ! What ’ s happened ? 
 Oh , that sounds great . How about 6 o ’ clock ? 	Rob lost his bike . 
 I didn ’ t pay attention to that . 	Can you tell me how to apply for a job on the Internet ? 
 Certainly.Go ahead . 	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second . 
 We need to get it fixed soon . 	Thank you for coming to see me off . 
 All right , thank you ! 	Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia . 
 I am sorry , sir . You bought it 2 weeks ago , and you can only refund it in one week . 	I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . 
 Prepare the list , Mother . I can go shopping . I can go to the small stores.Everyone knows me there . 	Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 
 Actually , they not only had 11 nominations , but they won 11 Oscars , too ! 	First of all , thank you for accepting this job . 
 OK . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Yes , I do . What do you see as the future trends for the industry ? 	I want to change rooms immediately , plus a refund for tonight . 
 Oh , don't mention it . 	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? 
 Not at all , but you get what you pay for . 	Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season . 
 Right . That ’ s why doctor say AIDS prevention means cleanness . 	What is your policy on returns ? 
 Of course not , but sometimes the results make you think about yourself and what you do . According to the jealousy test , I ’ m quite a jealous type of person . Perhaps I need to control my jealousy . 	Well , we've settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now what about the terms of payment ? 
 I'd hate for you to think I was lazy in returning your money . 	Good morning , Mr . Zhang . 
 I'm going out anyway . Get out of my way . 	Good afternoon . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I haven't seen Bill lately . How is he ? 
 I see . But I'm busy now . How about tomorrow ? 	So what kind of music turns you on ? 
 It ’ s available now , and it ’ s got a very good location . You won ’ t be far from work . 	What a coincidence seeing you here . ! 
 She is at the supermarket downstairs . She said she would be back in about half an hour . 	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ? 
 But don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and walk back . It's not far . 	What do you think of your personality ? 
 Ok . 	China is now a member of world trade organization . As a member of TO , China will have to make some changes in its economic policies so that it can follow the routines practiced by other TO members . Is it fair to China , do you think ? 
 Yeah , it will become a wider trend . 	I've never seen a machine like this before and need some help . 
 That's a good point . I'll make a note to increase it to 4.80 to make sure we can accept the new containers . 	We need someone rather quickly , the sooner the better . 
 I knew you'd come around ... 	You have made a poor meal . Let me get you some more fish . 
 Well , actually , I don't mind eating carrots , but chocolate cakes are much better . You know I was born with a sweet tooth . 	Excuse me . Is this the right way to the museum ? 
 Yes , you should have . 	Operator . 
 Your order will be brought to you momentarily , sir . 	What is that you have there ? 
 Ok . 	People say that you never have a real winter in the South China , but I don't think so . 
 Have a nice flight . 	Did you like the play ? 
 No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon . 	Who's that over here ? 
 Have a great trip . 	Do you rent cameras here ? 
 Of course . Cigarettes are also taxed very heavily . 	I want to buy a gift for my father . Will you go with me to choose one for him ? 
 Well , that depends . If you stay for a long time . They will offer a discount . 	See ? That wasn't so bad . 
 A well-learned person never does that . 	What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ? 
 Fine , we'll be expecting you then . 	I need to find the cereal aisle . 
 But it's unfair for Jane . 	How is your business going ? 
 Sure , when those never ending meetings . 	We have successfully fulfilled our work plan . In fact , we are No . 1 in terms of market share . 
 Poor girl ! 	Which job do you prefer , an accountant or a secretary ? 
 Potato chips and French dressing . 	Let me clear away the broken glass . 
 No problem . 	Hi , I ’ m Susan.What ’ s your name , please ? 
 So , your experience is as impressive in practice as it is on paper . 	You look hot and tired . Jack , have you been exercising ? 
 Our company is in Pudding new area in Shanghai . 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 Bring me the menu , please . 	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods . 
 As most of our clients are near Tianjin , we'd like to appoint Tangle as the unloading port . 	Hey Mike . What are you doing tonight ? 
 Oh , did you ? Thanks a lot . 	Donna ! How are you ? It's good to hear your voice . 
 Yes and no . 	Oh , I ’ m staving . I ’ d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ? 
 Possibly . What do you have in mind ? 	Hello , Parker . How's everything ? 
 Let ’ s do it ! 	What do you think is the role teacher should play in the classroom ? 
 That's quite all right . 	Today , we have invited a special guest , Prof . Yang . He will give us some advice on the legal aspects of international business . Your international legal advice is important to our business well being . Please give us some counsels on such issues as which laws govern the contract , what recourse is available for default or breach of contract by our clients or what to do if a dispute arises . 
 Thank you . 	What would you like to eat , sir ? 
 I really appreciate that . 	Are you going to leave school at the end of the term ? 
 My first job was in a well-established company where the division of labour was very clear . I do not have more chances to enrich my experience . Then I got an opportunity to really broaden my experience with a new company that was starting up , but unfortunately , they closed their service in three months ' time . I have worked in my present company for a considerable length of time and enjoy the job I am doing now , but I think I have accumulated enough experience to take up more challenging post in a much larger and diversified company where I could make solid contribution . 	How are you doing today ? 
 But we couldn't help it . 	What courses are you going to take next year ? 
 That sounds fine . I'll be there around seven . 	What are you doing now , Steven ? 
 Thanks , I feel the same way . 	your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee ta 
 Right , drink as much as you can . 	Well , Mitzuko-san , I hope you like it here . This is my favourite restaurant in Taipei . It reminds me of my youth when I traveled around Europe . 
 I'm glad to hear that . In case he's not insured , the hospital will never accepts any patient . 	Why didn't you text me last night ? 
 Not particularly . I like a girl to be good . 	This is a very beautiful statue . What's it called ? 
 I'll stay at home and have a complete rest . 	Would you mind if I ask your health status ? 
 Yes , please . 	Do you enjoy going on dates ? 
 You're welcome . 	We seem to be lost here . 
 Well , speaking of history , let's get back to the books.We ' Ve got an exam tomorrow , remember ? 	Do you have anything to declare ? 
 Couldn't be better . 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 That's right . 	Good afternoon , sir.What Can I do for you ? 
 I buy a national newspaper sometimes , buy I nearly always buy a local evening newspaper . I find the local news more interesting than national or international news . 	Do you often surf the Internet ? 
 Why don't you call back later this afternoon ? 	What are you and Corey doing for Valentine ’ s Day this Friday ? 
 All right , but would you be so kind as to make up your mind soon ? We're very busy just now as you can see , sir . 	When is your birthday ? 
 Yes , that's right.But I'm having a holiday here . 	Can we go to the beach on foot ? 
 No , thank you . 	Sir what's the boarding time ? 
 Thank you for calling . 	Can I take your order please ? 
 Almost . Let me get my bag . 	It's time for bed . 
 I'm sorry , but the price is final . 	Hello . I want to reconfirm our flight to London . 
 She said that she didn ’ t want to foul her own nest . 	Laura told me today that she has a friend with a car for sale . 
 OK , OK . I ’ m feeling a little dehydrated . Let ’ s get something to drink . 	Karen , do you have a minute ? I'd like to ask you about something . 
 Thanks . I know things are going to be better . 	Hello , may I speak to Kevin , please ? 
 Well , the most important thing in communication is your sincerity . 	Tom set the whole country by the ears with his discovery . 
 I agree . That ’ s why Christopher is already looking for a job in Maine , or Wisconsin . 	Have you thought of moving at all , Sarah ? 
 Please ask her to call John . 	IBA , Client Services Department . Shelley speaking , how can I help ? 
 It's not expensive . I'll take it . 	Is the girl in red your girlfriend ? 
 OK , here you are . The fitting room is behind the curtain . 	Don't you have too much to do with him . 
 That is good . He can leave you alone this time . 	Mr.Martin , we're on arrival . 
 She can cope with it . Don ’ t be such a wimp ! 	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ? 
 Yes , it is annoying . 	Good afternoon . I am Mr . Brown , the Import manager of Atlantic Industries Ltd , Sidney , Australia . This is my card . 
 There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found . 	Are you through with your meal ? 
 That's true . 	Lovely day , isn't it ? 
 Thank you for your concern . 	Marry Wang's Office , this is Marry . 
 It ’ s wonderful , isn ’ t it ? Would you like to see some photos that I look recently ? 	Good afternoon ! 
 I have a better idea . Let's go to a jazz concert and I'll give you an education in jazz . 	Where to , sir . 
 That's right . The number forty-four doesn't stop here any more . Its stop is round the corner . 	Hello ? This is John Smith.Can I speak to Mr.White , please ? 
 Can you repeat all that ? I think I'd better write it down . 	Are you feeling better today , Bill ? 
 That's right . You never know what you're missing out if you don't read the memos . 	Martin ? Did you remember to bring back that software I lent you ? 
 It ’ s red and black . 	Those are today ’ s top stories . Now let ’ s go to John for the weather . John , what does the forecast look like for our weekend travelers ? 
 We'll talk about it next time . Now that everything is settled , let's have a cup of tea , and take our minds off business for a change . 	Room service . May I come in ? 
 Ok . 	Good morning . This is Apple Corporation . May I speak to Ballam ? 
 It's 9:30 . 	One Grand Slam breakfast for you ! 
 I completely agree with that . 	This is the rush hour . 
 $ 100 . But we will charge you $ 200 as a deposit . 	Do you see the woman ? Is she a teacher ? 
 Good night . 	Hello . I would like to buy some business cards . 
 Yes , sir . Your balance is RIB 34,000 . 	Mr.Sun , would you mind if I ask you some questions , which may sound impolite ? 
 yes , please . 	Will you tell me the situation ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Tom ? 
 All right . That sounds fair . 	What are you going to do for one year abroad , Tom ? 
 I'm sorry , sir , but we have no trainer . 	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ? 
 That's right . You don't want to injure yourself by exercising too much or in the wrong way . Now , this is how you make the settings for the treadmill ... 	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? 
 Thank you so much . 	You have drank dozens of cups . You are bound to get a bay window . 
 Of course . Let's go . 	Have you always been on this site ? 
 Fortunately , things are changing these years . 	You should have seen the line at the housing office.It took me an hour to make my dormitory deposit for next year . Have you made yours yet ? 
 Oh , it's such a pain . We'd better go to a store later . 	Sandy . Do you have a minute ? 
 I hope so . 	Are you doing something on Saturday evening ? If not , welcome to my new apartment . 
 I hope so . 	How's work ? 
 That's a good idea . You are really creative . 	I'm really in a flap about the interview . 
 Me too . 	Can I borrow these magazines ? 
 No problem . 	What price do you suggest for 300,000 sets of Article No . 2323 with London as the destination port ? 
 Sure . Here it is . 	My name is Sue . How do you do , Mr . Black ? 
 Thanks mom ! 	Hey , how was the show ? 
 Well , I hope that I do well . 	Hey ! What's up ? 
 You sure have bad luck these days . 	Albert and I need a lot of things to furnish our house.But I don't know where the best place to shop is . Can you give me some advice ? 
 You are sort of romantic . 	Hi there . How can I help ? 
 Sounds good ! 	Welcome to our factory . My name is Tiang Had and I'll show you around here.First we'll take a look at the workshop which produces food thermometers . Please , this way . 
 I should say , it stunned me . I can't imagine what they will think of next . 	Would you and your wife care to come to our place and have tea with us some afternoon ? 
 I see . Please call us again for any further reservation.Thanks for calling us . 	Do you think we can get to the airport by 8 
 Thank you , sir . 	Is there any ticket left for tonight's concert ? 
 Then , you put S in this blank . 	What can I do for you today ? 
 Oh , dear ! 	Welcome . How can I help you ? 
 Toss a coin to decide then . 	There is a problem in my apartment . 
 I hope you're right . 	Merry Christmas ! 
 Very funny ! Get a move on ! People will be here any minute . 	Come on in . I am so glad you are here . We have been expecting you . 
 Of course . This is my card . See you then . 	What's your schedule like this year ? 
 I know . If you're sure the truth will do harm , maybe you can choose not to tell it . 	Excuse me , could you tell me where you have got that music book ? 
 Maybe I'll go for the US dollar account . 	It is so wonderful that this transaction turned out to be the satisfaction of both parties . 
 No – That ’ s all right . How about the 30th at 4:00 p . m . ? – Is an hour enough ? 	Good afternoon , ma'am . Can I help you find anything ? 
 I think I know that . 	What's special for today ? 
 Got it . I'll call you later tonight and we can talk about what to do on Saturday . 	That radio's pretty loud . Could you turn it down , please ? 
 You are very welcome . Have a good day . 	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival . 
 Anytime . 	Nick , it's very nice of you to see me off . 
 Twelve.He ' s very sensible for his age . 	Some people pile on their agonise and try to seek other ’ s sympathy by telling them how miserable they are . 
 OK , thanks . 	Mr . Smith , welcome to our factory . 
 ¥ 200 , please . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Good , because my friend Wendy is getting married and I ’ m organizing her party ! 	Can I help you ? 
 Sure thing . 	I like this shirt.How much is it ? 
 Oh , it is not so expensive . It only costs me 280 dollars . 	Excuse me . We ordered too much . May we take the food home ? 
 Less than 5 % . It's quite durable . 	Wow ! What happened to you ? You look sad . 
 Everything sounds great then ! I'll meet you back here on Friday to discuss the details . 	It's almost Christmas . What are you doing this weekend ? 
 I am an engineer in a mechanized farm . 	Mary , Pam and I are going to the mall later to buy some new clothes . Do you want to come ? 
 The dog ’ s in the garden , too . It ’ s running across the grass . It ’ s running after a cat . 	I was just watching a documentary on tv about people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting . 
 Thanks very much . I ’ m sure it will sell well . I can ’ t wait to read it . Here ’ s my card . Thank you for you time . 	Mary , this is your homeroom . It's 213 . Remember that . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Did you see the woman that just left my office ? 
 On the floor . 	Wow ! I can ’ t believe I ’ m standing here ! 
 I think that I will . 	Congratulations ! Is it a boy or a girl ? 
 You are smart . The city is really charming at night . 	There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like . 
 Thank you . 	Look at these newlyweds . They seem as if they are on top of the world . 
 It's no use complaining.If we had got enough money , we wouldn't put up with it ! 	Have you heard that we will have reorganization ? 
 Let ’ s stop gossiping and get back to work . 	Mike , you're seventeen years old , right ? 
 In my opinion , a secretary must be familiar with office routine and try to do some things by you . This is the filing cabinet and any document or file you may need . And you should file these documents in alphabetical order . 	Do you have your own circle of friends ? 
 Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared 	Do you think this blouse really suits me ? 
 I ’ m very sorry , Madam . Can you tell me what the problem is over the phone or would you like me to go to your office ? 	How are you doing , Christopher ? 
 Let me run and check . 	Hello , JC Consulting PLC . Chris Edwards speaking . 
 That ’ s fine . 	Tom , aren ’ t you a little too old to be trick-or-treating ? 
 Okay , then a third one for my husband too . 	Have you read the new rules about using cell phone at work ? 
 Silly boy ! The dustbin is at the back of the school . Now pick up the paperand put it in the dustbiri . 	Do you get the news that our company is trying to find out new tactics to test us ? 
 Me too . If we don ’ t do something soon , It might be too late . 	I ’ m sorry , Sam . I don ’ t want to foc-concert . 
 Mine aren't fixed . Sometimes I do the day shift , sometimes the night shift . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Wow , you are going to be busy this semester ! Okay , here you go . You are registered now . you ’ ll have to make your first tuition payment before classes start . 	Why aren't you at work ? 
 Just a moment and I'll check . We ’ re expecting a delivery on Friday . We've only got ten in stock at the moment . I can deliver those by first thing tomorrow morning . There'll be an extra charge for special delivery . I'll have to send them by courier . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Thanks to global warming , it could be hotter than ever ! 	Oh , my God ! I feel nothing is going smooth . 
 That wouldn ’ t be a lie ! 	Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat . 
 Right . 	What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable . 
 But I must say , if it were only for the weather , I like autumn most ! 	How do you like my new sports car ? 
 Anyway , I have to face the music this time . 	In order to extend our export business to your country , we wish to enter into direct business relations with you . 
 Many thanks . 	What will you do now ? Propose to her . 
 You are welcome , bye . 	Excuse me . I bought the CD here two days ago . It's scratched , and doesn't play properly . 
 I'm sure your wife will love them . 	Two number 3s , please . 
 It seems a good way . 	Brooke , I have bad news . 
 No . I borrowed it to go shopping . 	Say , how about having Chinese food for a change ? 
 OK . 	hi , Isaiah . How are you ? 
 Have a try . 	Could you show me the way to the railway station ? 
 It sure is.He has no one to turn to , very miserable indeed . 	could we possibly discuss my salary some time ? 
 My pleasure . 	Do you want a cigarette ? 
 Oh . What good is that ? I thought it gave you free money . 	Hello , IBA Bank , how can I help you ? 
 I hope so . 	I am calling to ask about the position of an usher . 
 Thanks , I ’ ll ask him . 	Can I still catch T107 for Xiamen ? 
 Yeah . I'll miss all of you , too . But I'll keep in touch . 	Hi , Walter ! 
 And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it . 	Hi , can I help you ? 
 It's no trouble at all . I'll carry this suitcase for you . 	Good morning , Mr . Smith . Welcome to Wuhan . 
 No , I haven ’ t been back for more than ten years . 	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went . 
 He is five years older than me , He got married last Sunday.My brother and my sister-in-law are the same age . 	Mary is really a diligent girl . 
 If you need to cancel your appointment , please give me a call ! 	I'm going to take a nap . 
 Yeah , I'll call later to patch things up . 	I was wondering if I could borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend . 
 Oh , that's why my parents never scold me that day . they always try to avoid tears and quarrels . 	I need somebody to come over and fix my internet . 
 It is Europe's spotless land of lakes and mountains ! Let me know as soon as you can so we can get a discount . 	I'm going to the bank . 
 Well , I also hope our cooperation will be never-ending . Thank you again . 	I am sorry to say this but I seem to have lost the key to the safe . 
 It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult . 	I'm calling to confirm your booking . 
 Fine . 	Good morning , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 I hope so . 	hey , Maris , are you a part-timer ? 
 Oh . I ’ m sorry to hear that . What happened ? 	I wonder if we can change to Channel 5 . 
 There we go ! I got the blood that I needed . 	I think this painting would look good in our living room . What do you think ? 
 You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule . 	How do you usually spend your time , now that you ’ Ve retired ? 
 Well , whatever suits your fancy . I'll press the service button again . 	Reservation , can I help you ? 
 OK . Whatever you say . 	Happy new year ! 
 Then please wake me up at 7 : OO.Thank you . 	The man behind your mother must be your elder brother . 
 Make it Thousand Island . 	Mr . White , I would like to give you notice that I will be leaving the company . It will be effective at the beginning of the next month . 
 Good . That ’ s something unusual . 	I hear that there is a festival called Duanwu in China . 
 don ’ t be moody ! I hope you ’ re not tired , because we ’ Ve been invited to a party this evening . I know how excited you get about parties . 	We were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things . 
 I'm really sick ! 	How do you like this one ? It's nice and cheap It's only thirty-four dollars . 
 I see . 	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ? 
 Maybe I'll have to face the music . 	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while . 
 Say when . 	That was a great party . Thanks for staying behind to help me clear up . 
 These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India . 	Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it . 
 He'll be right with you . 	Your resume mentioned that you had been the surveyor , which was a concurrent job , of a certain market survey company . What was your main work content ? 
 Thanks . 	Is your city a historical place ? 
 You're complaining again . 	Are you almost finished with my hair ? 
 No . What happened ? 	Do you have desserts ? 
 Got it . 	I heard that ben is forming his own band . 
 Yeah . How are you these days ? 	Do you mind if I borrow the notes from last week ? 
 Thanks . 	The ATM machine outside won't give me back my card . 
 Thank you for your interview . 	We can go to the cinema or say at home watching TV , what's it to be ? 
 Yes , I realise that . We've spent a long time planning and preparing for the change-over . I'm confident we won't have any major problems . 	Have you heard that Mel Gibson was arrested by the police last week ? 
 just go ! it's Valentine's Day ! 	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
 I never did like this MP4 anyway . I won't hear of it . 	Do you know how happy I am ? The Ant Kingdom is a perfect world with colorful fairy tales . It seems like the air is fresh here . 
 Take it easy . I have the confidence to learn it well . 	Can you tell the result ? 
 If I were him , I would give him a good talking-to . I would insist on his stopping fooling around like that . 	We have to pick up Conrad before the party . 
 You're right , sir . Please let me transfer you to my supervisor 	If we give you the job , what ’ s the most important thing you except to get ? 
 That's enough . Sit down . 	How long do I have to wait ? 
 Take your time . When you need anything , just call me . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 You would have to use the computer lab . I'm sorry for the inconvenience . 	Beijing Hotel . May I help you ? 
 Okay . Wish me luck . 	You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? 
 No problem . Hope to see you again soon . 	John , it ’ s time to get up . 
 I'll throw out the garbage . 	Why are there so many people ? 
 Who knows ! That might come to later . 	I think you made the right choice , coming to us.We have a wide selection of vehicles you can choose from . 
 No , I was born in Gaoxiong , I only moved to Taipei after I graduated . 	I really don ’ t know how to teach my son . He's getting far above himself . 
 Well , their team work is well worth learning . 	Room service.May I come in ? 
 Good idea . So we Can rest in the shadow of the tree . 	How are you , Sue ? 
 Yes , before you start your training , they will test you on your English first . 	What's your products ' competitive edge ? 
 It's a good thing you can speak English ! 	Can you lend me your car ? 
 I am not convinced by your explanation . 	It's too hot to read . 
 I have faith in our new President . 	Mom , what were movies like when you were a kid ? 
 Thank you . 	So , where is this bus supposed to take us ? 
 Woo , that's quite convenient . 	Can you help me plan the office party ? 
 It's worth a shot . 	Hey , That's a really nice outfit you have on . 
 Thank you . 	Northwest Airline . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Hi there . Welcome to Lincoln Corporate Services . How can we help ? 
 Speaking of The X-files , it's on right now ! 	It seems that you get antsy when you hear I praise another guy . 
 My pleasure . 	Hello ! 
 You said it . Many parents just don ’ t know how to educate their children . 	Thank you for coming tonight , Mrs . Webber . As a teacher , it's great seeing the kid's parents assist our parent-teacher conference night . 
 Okay ! I'll do the dishes . 	Where are you going to spend your holidays this year , Harry ? 
 Uh , nothing much , just went to bed early . I was still tired from Saturday . 	Is this Mr David Richton ? 
 That's so true . It's great that we see eye to eye on this . 	Are you going to tell me about the stamp , or not ? 
 Thank you , sir , I'm sure I will . 	What did you say ? 
 He deserved it . 	Good moming.sir . Here is your breakfast . 
 That sounds like a good idea . I'll have to try that . 	These vegetables taste very sweet . 
 Yeah , you are right ! 	Hi , Mike . Haven't seen you for a while . How's Cathy ? 
 No , you get those . I ’ ll go and get the fruits , vegetables , milk , butter , and eggs , you get the rest . 	Hello , Wendy speaking . 
 By air of course . 	Hi , what can I get for you ? 
 Whatever . I wish people would just leave me alone ! 	Welcome to Galant . How can I help you ? 
 My feelings are mixed on the issue too . By helping you I ’ m losing a valuable and trusted employee . However I think you are taking a step in the right direction . 	How ’ s it going ? 
 And I taught him how to swim in the sea . It was fun and made him braver than before . After we returned home , he wasn't afraid to sleep alone in his bedroom . 	Susan , good evening.Why are you so dressed up ? 
 Take care . 	What a nice day ! Why don't we go for an outing ? 
 Thanks . 	Could you just run through the evacuation procedure ? 
 Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise . 	What are the branches of Operations ? 
 But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . If they ’ re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive . 	Can you manage chopsticks ? 
 That's all . Come here a week later and get your ID card . 	Excuse me , Supen . 
 Thank you . 	Hey , Terry , have all the players got here ? 
 Exactly . 	Mom , I want to move out . 
 Yes , I have already graduated . 	What sort of shift-system do you operate ? 
 It will save you much time when you clear customs . 	Let's have a look at the map first . 
 Fine , thanks . How about you ? 	We hope that partial shipment is allowed . 
 Thank you . 	hello ! How are you . 
 I didn ’ t pay attention to that . 	Hi , Doris . I hear you are going to the United States next week . 
 It is hard to come by in life that you experience this kind of comfortable ! 	Hello . What can I do for you today ? 
 Yes , we live a happy life together . 	I want to open a saving account , sir . What's the proper procedure ? 
 Let's give them a hand . 	Can I help you , Madam ? 
 I think a cab is better . 	Well , I ’ Ve looked over your resume , Mr . Peepers . 
 Hello , George.What ' s up ? 	I would like to ask for one day off next week . Do you think the manager will agree ? I know it is the busy time for our company , but I do have some important things to handle . 
 Sorry . You've got the wrong number . 	Welcome to ABC electronics . First , let me go over what we do in the department during a typical workday . 
 I cant't believe it . You've worked here for years . 	May I see your passport please ? 
 You will . 	What's the matter ? 
 I don't really like seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects . 	Victoria , you are back from vacation ! How was it ? 
 My mother is an English teacher in a college , so I began learning English when I could speak , and I took English as my minor subject at university . 	Would you like to come out with me tonight ? 
 Well , if there is anything I can do to help , let me know . 	May I come in , Mr Sun ? 
 Okay . 	Why'd you run into me ? 
 I got it from an encyclopedia . 	Does this bus really go to the mall ? 
 You're right . Thank you for the advice . 	I'm going to quit this job . It's way too stressful . 
 Oh , yes . Marvelous ! 	Today more and more families have personal computers . People have wider range of choice to communicate with the outside world . 
 OK , thank you , I'll try if there were other chances . 	I had a terrible journey back from Bangkok last week . 
 Sounds good . I'll see you then ! 	Do you live with your parents ? 
 No , I won ’ t hear of it . 	Can you develop the roll of film ? 
 I live here . I was invited by George-he's the tall guy over there . He looks a bit drunk , actually ... 	Good morning . What can I do for you ? 
 Yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country . 	I've got some great news for you ! 
 Thank you , doctor . Bye . 	Hey Ted , I saw this ad in the paper . You should take a look . 
 Thank you , Doctor . Goodbye . 	Hi ! What are you watching ? 
 That ’ s not a bad idea . I brought many plenty of books and things back with me last summer . That would be great resource material . Now if I can only remember where I put them . 	Can I help you ? 
 You can be assured of it . 	Hey , young lady , get back here and have some breakfast . 
 Thanks anyway , but I'll do it , Rebecca . Let's get the class . 	John , I ’ Ve asked you not to smoke in here ! I don ’ t want to see you smoking in my office again . 
 Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ’ s no problem for me to travel frequently . 	Excuse me ... 
 Dude , don ’ t equivocate . A theory only becomes a theory after withstanding rigorous testing . You slept through class , didn ’ t you ? 	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ? 
 Bye . 	Sometimes I think television is too biased . None of them are completely objective . 
 So that's the Family Reunification . 	How are you ? 
 One economy , please . 	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson . 
 No , ma'am . I ’ m afraid you put in only one quarter and one dime . 	I don't know what to do , if I can't find the money . 
 But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons . 	Mom , I just finished my paper . Can you proofread it before I hand it in ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	I have an idea for Christmas this year . 
 I intend to invite him to dinner . 	Are you looking for an apartment ? 
 Oh , that's difficult to say . But I guess I liked Nashville the best . 	What's that book you have under your arm ? 
 You have asked me several times about it . You are driving me up the wall . 	Do you have any idea why I pulled you over today ? 
 Over there . 	I feel chilly and I've got a pain in my abdomen . 
 Sounds good . I want to go get some coffee . 	The performance is amazing . I'm curious about how they did it . I mean the way they sing . 
 I'm going to go and get it right now . 	Good afternoon , Mr Meng . It's a little late for you , isn't it ? 
 I'm glad to hear it . 	Excuse me , Mr . White ? I just need you to sign these before I leave . 
 Yes , probably but I may look for another one when we're settled in . 	Wow , is that your sports car ? 
 Not at all . You'll be OK soon . 	So awful ! I never fancy my salary is so little . 
 Alright , see you . 	Let's do something really nice for our family this Christmas . 
 Don't worry . Let's check out some other schools . 	Will you book a ticket to New York for me ? 
 Fine , I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogs on Thursday . 	Does bullfight interest you much ? 
 Well , trust me . The quality is fantastic . 	Can you put me through to Mr . Lining ? 
 You are already pre-qualified for your loan , so you are in good shape . 	Where are you going ? 
 That's fine . Then let's sign a contract . 	Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ? 
 Of course , you can . Wait a moment . 	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ? 
 Nope . That's everything , thanks . 	What can I help you with today ? 
 The bigger they are , the harder they fall . 	Jimmy , I ’ d like to wear this robe for tonight cocktail party . What do you think of it ? 
 I'm Frank . Nice to meet you . 	Where did you go yesterday ? 
 That's true . I know that there are lots of popular restaurants and coffee shops around there . 	At the Beijing Olympics , all four table tennis events were all-Chinese finals . A clean sweep again ! 
 Of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ? 	To which gate do I need to go to catch connecting flight 101 to New York City ? 
 Glad to hear it . 	It's said that John's broken up . 
 Non-smoking , please . 	Hello , my name is Clark . May I speak to Mr . Allen , please ? 
 Ok , sue , I will just go in get her . 	Ok , let ’ s go through this one more time . I don ’ t want anymore ruined or dyed blouses ! 
 Please wait a moment , I will bring you one . 	Would you like to order anything else ? 
 You forgot all of about it , didn't you ? 	Hello , Friendship Restaurant . May I help you ? 
 Well , there are lots of things to consider . Quality and delivery times are as important as price . We also take into consideration technical support and after-sales service . We look for companies with a good track record . We place a few trial orders and if everything goes well , we put them on our approved list . It's important to choose companies you feel you can work closely with . 	Do you like cooking ? 
 OK , that'd be very nice . 	What seems to be the problem ? 
 The kids want a rabbit . I don ’ t think it would be a good idea to get a mouse or a fish ! That might be too tempting for our cat ! 	What ’ s your schedule like this year ? 
 Exactly . 	Tim's always bothering me . 
 If you stayed up much later , you would see that just about every-thing closes around ten anyway . 	Has Alan shown up yet ? 
 All right . We'll make the shipment as soon as your L / C is on hand . 	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ? 
 That's great . 	Paul sends you his regards . 
 I ’ m on it ! 	Isn't this fun ? 
 You asked for it . 	Who finances the magazine ? 
 I'm nervous as can be . 	Vince . We're both busy , so I'm not going to beat around the bush . I need a raise . 
 OK . 	What do you charge for the sports shoes ? 
 You can bring us our salads when you bring us our entree . 	Yes , sir . Where would you like to go ? 
 I only paid two dollars for mine . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Yes , maybe I should . 	Excuse me , but please empty your pockets of all the metal things and put them in this tray . 
 Thank you . I will . 	Good morning , Japan Airline domestic reservations . Can I help you ? 
 Well , the style is quite good , but I think it's too showy . I would like to try on the lighter one . 	Don't you feel a little strange taking the place of your old boss after he was demoted ? 
 I'm sorry . It was cruel of me . But I promise it will never happen again ? Look , there's a nice restaurant . Let me take you to dinner and we can talk things over . 	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . 
 Good-bye . 	How do you do ? My name is Beef Hart . 
 Yes , I see . Thanks a lot . 	Where is your dressing room ? 
 I'm not sure . 	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon . 
 You are something else you know that ? 	I heard you were promoted to general manager of IBM ’ s China Head quarters . 
 I left after the opening dance . I couldn ’ t wait to get out of there . 	What date will our field trip be on ? 
 I'm in a bit of a hurry today , so we'd better make it to go . Thanks for asking . 	Would you like a cup of coffee ? 
 Yes , but you have to calculate a little.You paid fifty dollars and you fell down fifty times.So you only spent one dollar per fall . That's cheap . 	Could you baby-sit for me tonight ? 
 Just make sure children don ’ t play in the flower beds and destroy the flowers . 	Is sailing fun ? 
 Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet . 	Excuse me , I am Dunlin . I am here about your advertisement for a tourist guide . Are there still any vacancies ? 
 Well , talk to him , and let me know what happens , OK ? 	Last night I looked for my Indian classmate Barbara . I found her sitting with her legs crossed and quietly practicing . 
 Thank you . 	Hey , Gucci . I didn't know it would be a charity show . You can see there are many collecting boxes at the entrance . 
 Well , he has an amazing ability to analyze information and he is very good at making the right decision in tough situations . 	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives . 
 We all are looking for different things in an instructor . I hope I've helped you . 	Your daughter will be back soon . I'm going to start making dinner . You can just watch some TV in TV room if you like . We just bought a new TV with a LCD screen . The remote control is on the coffee table next to the armchair . 
 I'm not familiar with that part . Let me call someone in charge . 	Mary , how was your date with john ? 
 It comes to $ 15 . 	Hi ! Tom . Want to go to play bowling tonight ? 
 I couldn't agree more . 	Ms . Montgomery ? Do you have a moment ? 
 Never mind . I'll do it . 	What do you think of the new television channel ? Aren't the programs awful ? 
 I ’ m just going to stay at PCC . 	Hurry up , get in . 
 Yet the Argentine attacker is worth a bet . 	What dressing would you like on the salad ? 
 Yes , it is . It was just painted and it has all the modern conveniences . 	Hello , Jason . Are you free this Saturday evening ? 
 Oh , do you ? Good . 	Room Service . May I help you ? 
 I'll tell him . Thanks for asking about him . 	What is today ? 
 Well , it can't be helped . We'll just have to put up with it . 	Excuse me , sir ? I just need a little bit more information . Could you tell me your telephone number and mailing address ? 
 Me too . 	Which way is the dining car ? 
 Maybe you ’ re right . 	Excuse me . Do you know where I can find the nearest ICCC ? 
 Let me help you . 	How much is it to rent an economy car ? 
 Please make a detailed schedule on the visit this afternoon . 	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox . 
 I'd like you to replace this one without charge if you can . 	John , it ’ s time to get up . 
 see you then ! 	I was told that your company had been in the furniture industry for many years . What kinds of products do you generally handle ? 
 A classmate of mine . 	Let's go see pandas ! The news said that two pandas arrived at the zoo last week . 
 Well , I , umm , I flushed it ... 	The Spring Festival is drawing close . By then we will have five days off . I am expecting it . 
 Here you are . 	How do you like the food sold in this sidewalk snack booth ? 
 perhaps we could go to the library festival that's going on at the local bookshop . 	Can I ask for leave this afternoon ? 
 That's OK . We can go jogging , after we eat ! 	Mom , I'm ready for school . 
 I will . Thanks a lot . 	In my wedding ceremony , where do my parents sit in the church ? 
 We need a person with ability and flexibility . 	What did you do at the office today ? 
 Yes , it's not bad . I will need to see your passport though . 	What do you do in summer ? 
 Thank you . I think I like playing it . 	I'd love to continue this conversation , but I really need to go now . I have to get back to the office . 
 Let me see ... my right arm ... oh , to the east . 	There must be something weighing on your mind . What is it ? 
 All right , doctor . But it really hurts . 	Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . 
 Twenty eight dollars . 	Thanks . Sometimes talking with a friend is a great way to get over something . Do you mind if I vent a little bit ? 
 All right . I'll see you next time . 	Here comes the bus . I'll ring you up later . 
 I need to see if we can get together today . 	Those are today ’ s top stories . Now let ’ s go to John for the weather . John , what does the forecast look like for our weekend travelers ? 
 I have a master's degree and I meet all the needs you want , so I am confident of doing this job well . 	Jim , what do you think of that first interviewee ? 
 Thank you ! 	Do you have much experience with kids ? 
 The weather is often quite different from the weather forecast . 	Mr . Clinton , it's nice to see you again . 
 No , only the articles listed on the Declaration . 	Why do you want to be a teacher ? 
 Really , she's so pretty . 	How do you feel about this restaurant ? 
 Certainly . We provide quality analysis training as part of the training for all new workers , plus a week of further training every year . 	how are you doing ? 
 Well , we ’ ll have a lot of difficulties in persuading our clients to buy at this price . But I ’ ll have to try , I suppose . 	Ant Shirley , it's being years since we last met . How were you doing in the passing years ? 
 The weather forecasters are not good at predicting the weather would be like.our weather is so changeable . 	Which school is your children in ? 
 sounds perfect . I think with all that you have in mind , you'll become a successful businessman . By then , perhaps , I'll join in as a partner of your company . 	Hi . Are you new in this class ? 
 Be careful , the cartridge can be very hot . 	What's wrong ? You don't like ancient Egypt ? 
 What a good idea ! 	I'd like to meet you again sometime . 
 That is truly amazing ! 	May I have a cookie ? 
 OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by . 	Is there something wrong ? You look so sad . 
 Of course . 	Sir , may I help you ? 
 If we're running at full capacity , it's 160,000 tonnes per annum . 	Good afternoon , would you mind if I sit here ? 
 Thank you , mom . I love you so much ! 	It ’ s very kind of you to invite me to dinner . 
 Calm down ! 	Excuse me , I ’ Ve been waiting here for fifteen minutes.Do you know why the traffic is so heavy ? 
 thanks , I will . I'll see you tomorrow then ! 	This is the schedule for the project . Any comments or questions ? 
 Very good . I ’ ll take it . 	Are you interested in mountaineering ? 
 I usually meet some friends and we play sports together or I might spend some time alone on my hobbies . I spend winter evening watching tv , but I spend summer evening at cultural events if I have time . 	Excuse me , I want to go to Galion by ship . Is there a ship to Dalian ? 
 That's right . You have learned a lot , haven't you ? 	Well , what a nice day ! 
 I don ’ t need to know anything else . Thank you . 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 I think that you are right . Maybe they can give us a free dessert or something . 	have you ever been in an earthquake ? 
 You'll be OK . It's just a little bit ... 	Hi . I just lost my purse when I was shopping on the street . I guess somebody stole it from me . 
 Yes , electricity is not included in the rent . 	Have you found a new job yet ? 
 I think Americans are pretty romantic when they are in a relationship and a lot of flirting goes on in every office . After you ’ Ve been in America for a while , you will probably see what I mean . 	Welcome to Flash Foot , sir . How can I help you ? 
 Not too bad . 	Hi , Mr . Smith . Are you enjoying the cookout ? You don't look too happy . 
 I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level . 	How time flies ! 
 That was a cake walk.It ’ s nothing to speak of . 	Sir , would you like some dessert now ? 
 Excellent ! That sounds like a plan . 	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service . 
 Wait . This is sounding like a major list . Why don't you just come with me ? 	I'm hungry . 
 See you . 	Mmm . Nice and crunchy . And they leave a space uncovered for you to hold ... 
 A bottle of champagne . 	Excuse me , Dr.Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper . 
 Pretty good . 	I hear you jog everyday . 
 Well , I have to write the proposal . I'm pretty excited about it . 	Is this the Central Park to East Market bus ? 
 Your new apartment can be recarpeted and repainted by next Tuesday . 	What about driving to Shanghai ? 
 Don't mention it . 	I'm sorry , but I can't come to your party . 
 On and off , for quite a few years . 	This is Milton in room 402 . I would like to check out . Can anyone help me with my baggage ? 
 How do you know if you don ’ t have a try ? 	What should we do this Saturday ? 
 I could , but where's the fun in that ? 	Your resume says you have had one years experience working in a foreign representative office in Shanghai , may I ask why you quit ? 
 Don't worry about it . Try to look on the bright sight of things . 	Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan . 
 Well , that's a thing . 	Good morning . I ’ m thinking about buying some new furniture for my living room . Could you help me ? 
 I hope your grandfather will recover soon . 	We were decorating and I ’ m going to ask some things . 
 Chicken ! 	They must be your parents , what do they do ? 
 Oh , that's interesting ! 	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here ? 
 Eleven o'clock on Friday morning . See you then . 	Do you know who ’ s just got married ? Old McDonald . 
 Watch your language or you'll be spending the weekend in your room . 	There ’ s a big sale on clothes and sporting goods at Riverside Mall . 
 Maybe ! 	Rich ! I ’ m glad I caught you . Mr . Carlton ’ s just come over here from the main office . 
 Great ! You ’ Ve got a deal ! 	I'm back . 
 Basically , they want to know that you were available for work and not sick . 	Anna , Would you like to dance ? 
 Yeah . Let's just lounge around ! 	How would you describe your ideal job ? 
 Yes , sir . 	I decided to go for this kind of life . 
 Certainly . We always have the interest of the customers at heart . 	Would you like to come by and play bridge ? 
 If I were you , I'd buy . 	Mom . My legs are killing me . 
 Oh . I'm just going to take it easy . 	How do you do ? 
 I hope that I cleared things up for you . 	I've been chosen to plan the next family reunion . 
 I'll give him a call . 	Do you have a family tradition at Christmas time ? 
 But Anne ... 	Good morning , Kevin . 
 No problem . I'll wait for your call . 	What dressing would you like on the salad ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	It's the 17th week now , isn't it ? 
 Yes . some other time perhaps.Thanks again . 	I've something very unpleasant to talk with you . Upon the arrival of the first consignment , it was found that about 50 % of the sixty cases of pineapples were leaking . 
 He told me so himself . 	Do you do a lot of your shopping online ? 
 OK . Nothing serious . He just wants us to be with him . 	Hi ! Tom . Fancy seeing you here It's a nice party isn't it ? 
 Yes , sir . I assure you it would never happen again . 	What's in the box ? 
 That ’ s a possibility . Thanks ! 	My mp3 player is broken , so I want to change it for an mp4 player . Can you offer any advice about which brand and model to buy ? 
 I think our child is going to love it ! 	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? 
 Sorry , sir . We have never done that before . 	do you have any plans for Friday night ? 
 Well-done , please . 	Good afternoon , Peace restaurant , may I help you ? 
 Yes . Twice . 	I hate to do this to you , Alice , but I ’ m going to have to ask you to put in some more overtime . 
 Oh , that's deer horn . That helps you ... umm , how should I put it ? 	Hey , Susie , what health club do you belong to ? 
 Take it easy . I'll like you know if anyone decides to cancel his reservation . 	Good morning . What can I do for you , sir ? 
 Great ! 	What's the matter , Paul ? 
 I'd better exercise my body too.My limbs are rusty now . 	are you working overtime again ? Over the last two weeks , you have worked overtime every day without a break ! Your company is draining the life out of you ! 
 She seems to be quite qualified . If it ’ s a personal problem , I ’ d prefer it if you would work it out between yourselves . 	Bye . Take care . 
 Why not ? 	Mike's Mechanics . Can I help you ? 
 What a pity ! 	hi , Lander . What's wrong ? 
 Thanks so much , bye . 	Hi , John . 
 Don't you see I'm trying my best ? 	Excuse me , do you go to the Central Park ? 
 Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ’ t rain for the next three months ! 	Hello , Oriental Hotel . 
 Great . 	Do you think discrimination against women in the work force is still prevalent even today ? 
 Thank you , Ma'am . 	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ? 
 The rent is 400 yuan a day . 	Let's skip The X-files tonight , Fran . Okay ? Just this once ? 
 Excellent . We will meet all your conditions if you can meet our demands . 	hi , come on in . Can I take your coat ? 
 Yeah , seems that you have a lot to learn and memorize . 	Do you have anything in particular that you would like our firm to take into account ? 
 Ok . Let ’ s go ! 	What day is today ? Tuesday ? 
 That ’ s great . Thanks very much . Would you like a cup of tea or coffee ? 	Would you cash these travelers ' checks , please ? 
 You're welcome . 	Do you want some dessert ? 
 That's right . You won't have that problem with DEL . 	Any chance of using your telephone ? 
 Yes . Please come this way . 	does your family have a record of your ancestors ? 
 Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home . 	Who's it knocking at the door ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll see you later . 	When are we leaving for our field trip ? 
 Oh , I just can't forget it . 	Is there a vacant table for two now ? 
 I don't think there will be . He left through the door , remember ? 	Look ! They're going to do the first drawing ! It's for a DVD player ! 
 In that case , we can choose the Youth Hotel . It's a good choice , clean and economic . 	You know , Mary , I feel we meet somewhere before . Where were you born ? 
 I get drunk easily . 	Hi , boss . You have a call . 
 that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help . 	Your luggage is over 8 kilograms . 
 Thank you . 	I ’ m terribly sorry to cause you so much trouble . 
 I see . Yes , that's fine . I'll be there at around 2:30 pm . See you later , and thanks . 	Hi , Lucy , you are very popular with people around you , what are your tricks ? 
 But we can't destroy our forests to get the wood . 	We've got a new manager in our department . 
 You are supposed to check in at least one hour beforehand . 	Tom , it's time for you to go to bed . 
 Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please ! 	I'm looking for some fresh produce that's on sale . 
 We'll be ready to order by the time you get back ! 	I can't wait to go skiing tomorrow . 
 You're welcome . 	How much would it cost to send this special delivery to England ? 
 Thanks . 	Hello , is it necessary to do warm-up exercise ? I can't wait to dive into the water . 
 We would like to do it in accordance with an F . O . B . 	Happy Valentine's Day ! 
 I used to buy lunch every day from the International food stall at school . Every day was an adventure ! 	What ’ s the plot of your new movie ? 
 Maybe you'll call his home . 	Billy , you are late again . 
 That's more convenient . 	Are you a goal-oriented person ? 
 Just a moment , please , while I check . That's correct.You have a double room on the fifth floor . 	I heard that you went to the concert the day before ? How did you like it ? 
 Okay . 	Hi , Monica , congratulations ! Your presentation at the meeting was very successful and everyone was impressed by your speech . And it was so persuasive and I bet our clients will be convinced to invest their money in this project . You really made a big contribution to our company . 
 I'm sorry , sir.The price is fixed . 	When ’ re you getting married ? 
 not yet . She's pretty tame . I think she must be used to being around lots of different people . 	My son is alway complaining that I dump on him . He was very rude and told me to mind my own business . I cannot put up with that . 
 It's a boy . 	May I help you ? 
 Goodbye . 	Good morning . Miss Lee . My name is Alex Jones . I'm the new assistant in the office . 
 Excellent ! Let ’ s set off . 	I understand your feeling . When someone is feeling at loose ends , we may show mercy on him . This is what we call the " milk of human kindness " . 
 Thank you . I will . 	Yes , ma'am ? 
 And that'll be 10:15 p . m . Beijing time . 	Tom , hi , this is Mary with Gold Star Mortgage . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Wang , I'd like you to meet my friend . Dou , this is Wang . 
 Thank you . That's a good idea.she likes exciting books . Can you suggest another one ? 	Good afternoon , Johnson . 
 Just a moment , sir . We have to finish filling out the forms . 	Would you like me to help you on your new project ? 
 Thanks , I will . 	Have you seen that house ? 
 Being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich . 	I would like to get a bus pass . 
 Where to ? 	Are you still coming to my place for dinner tomorrow night ? 
 Thanks ! 	Oh , I must have been sitting in the same position too long . My legs have fallen asleep . 
 Got it . Thank you . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Don't be so happy , it is just one of my tests ! 	Isn't this lovely weather ? Will you help me water the flowers , Jack ? 
 No . The only thing I need to see is your driver's license . 	Can you make a suit for me to measure ? 
 Uh ... yeah , right ... 	You should have been at home and enjoyed a big meal . 
 cheers . 	You look really wiped out . 
 Are you serious ? 	When do you plan to deliver the goods ? 
 Thank you so much . I appreciate your help . 	Judy , what do you think of the new general manager ? 
 People go to the cemetery to pay their respects to the dead . 	Can I reserve a hotel room ? 
 You should always keep in mind , the more you practice , the better English you can speak . 	Jack , you should have known in general the situation of our company now . 
 OK . Thank you . 	I ’ Ve just take out an insurance policy . Are you insured ? 
 No , thanks . I ’ m all set . Good-bye . 	Pardon me . Could you please pass me the tissue ? 
 I guess I can do that . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 See . Great minds think alike . 	Hello , sir . What can we do for you today ? 
 Let's hope it's the beginning of a long and prosperous relationship . 	The government has to face a lot of social problems now . 
 Thank you . 	It's snowing heavily . 
 Of course you can . 	What do you think about violence in movies ? 
 Yes , me too . I mostly listen to hip hop , but there are many genres of music I like . 	What do you do for a living ? 
 Good ! Maybe Malia would like to go in with us on this gift . 	Would you travel around the world if you had the money ? 
 I'm still not sure whether I can recover from it . 	May's birthday is coming . Shall we buy her a birthday present or let her choose one for herself ? 
 Really ? So your city does have some old history after all . 	I really like the book you lent me the other day . 
 Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late . 	I love that vase . 
 No , please don't . I couldn't let you do that . 	Hello , I'd like to open an account . 
 Sure . Come on in . 	Hi , Mark , did you catch the game last night ? 
 We will check with the parties concerned right away . 	What did you usually do as a head nurse ? 
 It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy . 	Do you have a copy of our service contract with Telecoms ? I'm not happy with their response time and I'd like to check the terms and conditions of the contract . 
 You're welcome . 	The summers are so great here ! Not hot at all . I love the cooling breezes , the clear air , all the greenery . 
 I'll go together with you . 	How many rooms are you looking for ? 
 Yes , I have . I collect stamps , Chinese stamps as well as those from other countries . 	The blake's got divorced . 
 Oh , yes , of course . I'm sorry-I wasn't thinking ... 	I will take it . How much ? 
 I've never seen anything like it . 	Hi , why do you look so depressed today , Mike ? 
 Me , too . Now let's make a list for what we need to take with us . 	Do you know where you want to transfer to ? 
 That does sound a lot of fun . 	I heard you were teaching English over there.Tell me about it . Did you like it ? 
 I have trouble understanding all these forms ... but I'm sure I'll get it . 	This is the rush hour . 
 Well , good luck with your garden , especially considering we are in the dry season and it won ’ t rain for the next three months ! 	What time is our connecting flight ? 
 Um yeah . Sorry about that . 	Good evening , welcome to Rainbow Restaurant . May I take your coat , please ? 
 Calm down . 	How can I help you ? 
 That sounds absolutely fantastic . 	Have you made up your mind about not going back to your hometown after graduation ? Where else would you go ? 
 wait a minute . Let me throw on a sweater . 	Look , there is traffic accident over there . 
 I'm not sure if I can , but I'll try . 	What was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ? 
 Help yourself . 	What'll it be today , sir ? 
 No problem . 	Good afternoon . May I help you ? 
 Wow ! She's gorgeous . 	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? 
 Umm . I think I ’ ll just stick to my old job and save myself all the hassle of trying to start up a business ! 	There's a car waiting for you just outside the door . Right this way , please . 
 Let me know when you find out . 	I am an eloquent speaker in the classroom . But when I face a stranger outside , I get tongue-tied and nothing comes out . 
 In a few months I'm planning to invest my money into some foreign companies . I think you need to reevaluate your spending habits . 	I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ? 
 Certainly . 	Hello , sir . Is there anything I can help you find ? 
 Maybe that's why I couldn't find it . All the documents on Nova are filed under ' V ' . 	I need to get my internet fixed . 
 It's a football game the school team plays at home . The dance and reunions are usually that night , too . 	How long have you been in China ? 
 No , but those guys like to hit on me . 	I haven't met the Smiths for a long time . 
 See you then . Goodbye . 	Good morning , can I help you ? 
 You are really a man who knows how to enjoy being alone . 	I'm afraid I can't go to the pictures with you tomorrow . 
 Indeed.He ' s strict with himself too . 	Are you still at that work ? 
 That would be good . 	Han Maimed , What's your plan for the weekend ? 
 Not at all . A party is a party . I'll be happy to come . 	Where is your native place ? 
 Thanks a lot for your help . 	Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? 
 An ordinary return , please . 	Excuse me , Miss . The total works wrong . What are these extra charges ? 
 A minute , please . ... Yes , this way , please . 	Hi , Sandra . how was your weekend ? 
 Yes , it is . Thank you very much . 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 It's too difficult to park your car in the city . Also , the traffic coming in from the suburbs is a nightmare . 	Hey , son , are you insured ? 
 Fine , here it is and have a great semester ! 	Doctor , save my baby , please 
 Let me check . 	I must admit I'm not at all interested in math . 
 There are thirteen of them . Oh , have another . Have a third , if you like , have them all . 	I really want to switch things up . 
 I ’ ll just have to put up with it . 	Hi . 
 Yes . It ’ s easy and convenient to use a computer . But it takes a long time to really master it . 	Mr . McKenna , do you have a second ? I need to talk to you about something . 
 Bye . 	Can you help me pick out a gift for my daughter ? 
 Fine . See you then . 	How would you like your hair set ? 
 Thank you . Goodbye . 	have you bought a present for jim ’ s birthday yet ? 
 I'm afraid I'll feel sick at the sight of it . 	Sorry to trouble you . Can you tell me how to get to the City Bank ? 
 Let me see . Well , I'd like onion soup . Thank you . 	May I help you ? 
 See you . 	Welcome to Flower Power , sir . What can I get for you ? 
 Thank you . 	Mister , I have an account now . 
 After that I choose something from one of the few brands that I know will fit me . I prefer white , so I ask them to bring me a pair of white sneakers in my size . Since I ’ m usually only given one or two pairs of shoes that meet my qualifications , it makes it a very easy choice . 	I wish the teacher wouldn't make us read this book . 
 Uh-oh , here we go ... 	We have settled the question of price , quality and quantity . Now I am calling to talk about the terms of payment . What are your terms of payment ? 
 Yeah , I guess it's the same in the UK , I just never paid much attention . See you later ! 	Mary , would you like to get something to eat with me ? 
 Wow . Sounds fantastic ! 	Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf . 
 I will be letting you know during the year if you have a major problem . 	This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability . 
 You are really a wet blanket . 	Hey ! A real cook gets down and dirty . Besides , I think I look good covered in baking mix ... 
 Thank you . 	We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . 
 Thank you , have a good day . 	I need a pan . 
 Here you go . 	Hello ! You're welcome to Guangzhou Fair . 
 Yes . You can't miss it . 	Tony looks very handsome in the suit . 
 Bye . 	I'd like to open a current account . 
 Don't worry , we'll find someone eventually ! 	Good morning . 
 Fine , Mr . Emory . Let me just grab a pad and pen . 	I am sorry to say this , but I seem to have lost the key to the safe . 
 Okay . Take your time . 	Did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? 
 No problem , just go ask . 	You can't beat me at tennis . 
 Thank you . This place is nice . 	Have you started cleaning up your room yet ? 
 Okay , but you ask him . 	Well , do you have any experience in guiding ? 
 OK . 	I ’ m sure you never dare to go against your wife . 
 Why , you look pretty all right . 	Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . 
 That's all right . 	Here is your bill . It's $ 60 . 
 let ’ s go together . 	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please . 
 Get in . 	I heard that Jim lost 100 yuan . Do you know that ? 
 Oh , I don't think I will buy a used sofa even it looks so attractive . 	can I use your laptop for a while ? 
 Yeah , I got home around two . 	It's almost midnight ! We are about to start a brand new year ! 
 I can't take the credit for that . I'm just Zina's assistant . She's the pro . 	What a hot day ! 
 Thank you . 	How is your house hunting going ? 
 Then keep up the good work . 	it's a lovely day out today , isn't it ? 
 Don't worry about it . 	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ? 
 Let's hope for good cooperation between us . 	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ? 
 Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye . 	Have a nice weekend ! 
 Thanks . 	I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud . 
 I hope you will make us your best offer , CIF New York . 	How long have you been in Taiwan ? 
 I see . 	Mr Edgar , hello ! How's business ? Still booming ? What can we do for you today ? 
 Not too serious , but it'll take you some time to recover , so you'll need to be patient . 	Roger ? Would it be possible to meet with you to discuss my department ’ s budget ? 
 I'm so glad for your help . 	Calvin , how much money did you spend last weekend ? 
 That sounds good , Fred ! 	Is my hair done yet ? 
 I'm sorry , we can't handle the price you offered . 	I'd like to order room service to room 927 , please . 
 Hope so . 	What do you think of smoking ? 
 You ’ re right . I would have to travel to the city at least once a week to go shopping and see friends . I would hate living in the country ! 	I hear you're moving to New York . 
 Good . You will feel better after you do . 	I need your help . 
 OK . I'll wait here for you . 	Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ? 
 It looks like you could use it . Don ’ t tell me you spent the weekend in the library again . 	Wow ! I can't believe I'm standing here ! 
 Alright , we are waiting for you at 7 . 	Look , who's here , Peter ! 
 What a shame ! Their marriage is really a mistake . 	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 
 Ah ! That sounds interesting . 	What a beautiful view . 
 The minimum time period is three months . The longer the period , the higher the interest rate . If you withdraw your money before time is up , there are penalties . 	Hi , is that Li Ling ? 
 Ok , but don't delay too long , or that trip will be all booked . 	Your face is so red , you must running a temperature . 
 Quite sure . I mean that hair of hers and the voice of hers . 	How do you like Tom ? 
 Be brave . Don't worry . You will be able to walk soon . 	Which university did you graduate from ? 
 Que bien ! Sentences poems habeas en espanol ! 	Let ’ s move out of here . This apartment is too small . 
 Well , the only free food on the streets is from a soup kitchen , and their soup isn't as tasty as mine ! 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Listen , I know who you are . If you call this number again , I ’ ll call the police . You ’ ll be arrested . I ’ Ve got your number . 	I have a problem . 
 Then let's stay in a motel . I am sure you will like it . 	How do I take the tablets ? 
 You have to tell them if you were too sick to work on any of the days that you should have been looking for work . 	May I take your order ? 
 Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed . 	Can you tell me the time ? 
 You should always remember that one customer on file is the rule . 	Welcome , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Yeah , that is what the holiday is for , isn't it ? 	Have you finished that report yet ? 
 All right . Please wait for a minute . 	Hello . In order to kill your time you can experience our facial massage for free . 
 Yeah , I know . A friend in need is a friend indeed . I don't need fair-weather friends either . 	Hello . City News . Can I help you ? 
 It's nice of you to invite us . 	Excuse me ! Does this bus go to the railway station ? 
 Yes . we could do that for you . 	I need a haircut . 
 See you . 	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? 
 It ’ s really unimaginable . The police officer screamed at the driver and used bad language , but the driver took it on the chin . 	What do you think of your teacher ? 
 I'm sorry , but no . We used to have a trainer , but then he had an unfortunate accident . 	Good morning ! Can I help you ? 
 Of course . I will be here minutes later . 	The trouble is not that . It is that he may suddenly remember something I promised him a couple of weeks ago , out of a clear blue sky . Then he complains that I have gone back on my words . 
 And that will be 10:15 pm Tokyo time . 	How's John doing ? 
 No , not at all , Brian . This year , we ’ Ve all had to cut back . I ’ m hoping next year ’ s going to better . I hope you can understand . 	Thanks for helping me up . 
 Thank you very much . We always welcome new customers . 	Do you know which stop we get off at ? 
 Oh ! I read this before . May I have another one instead please ? 	Have you noticed the Mexican restaurant on the other side of this street ? 
 No , don ’ t worry . Just follow me . 	Hello , is that the Peace Restaurant ? 
 That ’ s terrible . But if they wouldn ’ t change them , I know what I would do . 	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! 
 I'll go to the Yellow Stone Park , and Great Canyon . 	She lives a happy life after marriage . 
 You can say that again . The government must open it ’ s eyes to the fact . 	Why are you quitting ? 
 Great ! I'll sing , and you can dance in our band . 	Hi ! Ed , what's up ? 
 I know it is . 	Hello ? 
 Well , these mediums are still important ... they aren't a thing of the past ... But I think they might be less important now than in the past . The technology age has arrived ! 	Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ? 
 That ’ s what I can do . 	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . 
 I came to see my uncle . He lives in the next block . 	Does anyone mind me turning on the air conditioning ? It's hot in here . 
 I don ’ t know what other people think , but I , for one , envy only children ! 	Are you ready to order ? 
 Once a year . 	I heard Betty lost her tennis match this morning , so she's out of the tournament . 
 Actually , I ’ Ve eaten soup dumplings in a lovely restaurant on Nanjing Lu . They were delicious ! 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 I have been yearning for a job as a stewardess in an airline like yours . 	Is that you , Dave ? Oh , my gosh ! The backstabber who left us to work for the evil WebTracker ! 
 Thanks for your belief . 	I ’ m a bit worried about you going shopping by yourself this afternoon . 
 Is there anything after the meeting ? In that case , would you add one plan ? I want to visit our guest Mr . Ross after the meeting . Can you arrange it for me ? 	I don't know what to do about the people who live in the flat above me ! 
 Yes , Sir . Do you have that information with you ? At this bank , we always recommend our customers write down the reference number of each Traveller's Cheque and keep it in a safe place away from the Traveller's Cheques . 	Hello . Do you know how I can find a room to rent ? 
 Sorry , but I've gotta run . Enjoy your food , and ring the service button if you need anything else ! 	What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ? 
 OK . Thank you . 	Jenny , you should go to bed now . 
 What do you do there ... hang around , like the kids ? 	This is the best dinner I've ever had . 
 Of course ! Let ’ s have a look . Great ! In my frame of mind , I ’ d like to but one today . 	How can I help you today , Sir ? 
 For me ? The football games of course , I love football games . 	Mary didn't pass the final exam in physics . 
 They ’ re fine , but I can ’ t watch a movie without popcorn . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes , Sir . That's correct . 	Would you like to have this kind of suitcase ? 
 That ’ s it . Thank you . 	Where did this come from ? 
 No , I wasn't . It's kind of hard to watch the road when Joseph is behind the wheel . 	Hi , Mark . 
 I am equipped with much experience in teaching for more than 30 years and I also edit teaching materials by myself . 	are you good at making decisions ? 
 oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of sticks . 	Hello ! Is your company advertising for administrative assistant on the newspapers ? 
 Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please . 	I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts . 
 Thank you very much . 	What kind of car is best for me ? 
 good luck . 	I heard that you're going on your first date Friday night . 
 I want my change . 	I need help figuring out how to use this phone . 
 One last thing . Is it waterproof ? 	Do you want a shampoo ? 
 The deposit is $ 500 . 	Why are you arresting me ? 
 Ok , please have me arrange one . 	Hi , my name ’ s Karl . My wife and I are moving in next door . 
 Nope , I ’ m canceling my appointment so that I can stay here with you . 	We would like you to stop by again so we can show you some more problems that have come up with our apartment . 
 This is interesting , Ms.Parker . 	Yeah , it's really cute . But why a monkey suit ? Is Hello Kitty having an identity complex ? 
 All wet.You are such a fool . 	Mr.Ben , What do you think of the book ? 
 All right . Thank you very much . 	Mr . : Please open your books to page 10 . ( To Mary ) Can I help you ? 
 It seems quite easy . I will try both of them . 	Can I pay my bill here ? 
 Yes , I do . Leave me alone ! 	People of different races are fit for quite different sports . For instance , Asians are especially good fattable tennis , badminton , diving and shooting . They seem to have been born with certain natural endowments in technical sports , in which flexibility , agility and quick reflexes are favorable . 
 Let ’ s go see how we can apply for those positions . 	I was wondering if you could help me with something . 
 Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you . 	How are you getting along with your wife now ? 
 Hurry , the movie is coming back on . 	John got a heart attack last night . 
 Umm . . . That's the spirit ! 	Isn't it past your bedtime already ? 
 Yes , of course . In accounting , cash means all items that are acceptable for depositing in a bank . 	Okay , I want to change 22,000 . 
 That's very good ! 	I have just had my new paper published . 
 Whatever things get tough , he gives in . 	It's a fine day today , isn't it ? 
 No , I feel young , fresh and energetic . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Certainly . 	Mr Hughes ? Do you have a minute ? I would like to discuss something with you . 
 Well , then , I'll talk to you later . Have a good day ! 	There's a problem with my credit card . 
 ... yes , but this one has an all-new buzz . 	I've come about your wools . According to our market survey , wools are likely to find a ready market in our country . 
 Have a nice flight back , and take care . Thanks for your call . 	May I bring you a salad ? 
 In my mind , salary is not the most important thing . 	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ? 
 Hang in there . It ’ ll all come together one of these days . 	Can I help you , Madam ? 
 We could always wait for the next bus to come . 	What can I do for you ? 
 I just cann't believe my ears ! 	Devi , do you have any preference for where you would like to go for dinner for your birthday ? 
 That's great . Thank you very much . 	I am keen on a coat on www.dingding.com . But it requires having an online banking account . Is it necessary ? 
 Hurry up , little boy . 	I think I'm going to go home . 
 good luck ! 	Good morning , Miss . 
 Yeah , I am of the same opinion . 	Good afternoon , what flights do you have from London to Paris ? 
 By credit . 	How about another beer ? 
 Thank you for your help , doctor . 	Hi , Cole . What can I do for you ? 
 I appreciate your help . 	Hi , Mike , where are you going ? 
 Good idea . I ’ d be very happy to go there . 	Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? 
 Only less than 20 percent of the citizens speak English . 	I'm checking out in about half an hour . 
 Thanks , doctor . 	Hey , Trev ! How did the shopping go ? 
 Oh , that's very considerate of you . I'lI take your word for it . 	Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the college . 
 Fabulous ! We should look at engagement rings then ! Now that ’ s a whole other section . 	Good evening , sir . Are you Mr . Jim Stewart from the States ? 
 You'll see one at the corner on your right . 	Well , you seem to enjoy speaking English . 
 Thank you . 	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports . 
 that's a good idea . I'll call them now . Thanks for your help ! 	Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! 
 That's everything . 	Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ? 
 You too ! 	You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ? 
 That's a great idea . I'm going to do the same . 	Where are you going ? 
 You ought to complain . These machine are always out of order . 	Janice , do you still remember how our filing system works ? 
 Yeah , I ’ ll try to do the same . So , I was wondering you wanna go out to dinner Friday night ? 	How do you feel about the TV series ? 
 That ’ s stupid . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for the Alands Morrissette album Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie . 
 OK . I close my mouth . 	Why have you changed your job so frequently ? 
 Therefore , I hope they could help each other and learn from each other . 	Hello sir , may I help you ? 
 Thank you . Now turn in your application at Window B . 	Jane is going to quit her job in the bank . 
 It's very nice . I'd like to purchase this refrigerator . 	How is your new car ? 
 It look fine.Can I try it on ? 	Did you sign up for the picnic party ? 
 All right . 	What are the best places to visit here please ? 
 I'm glad to hear it . 	Excuse me . Do you have the time ? 
 I certainly can try ... No ! It went straight through the wickets . 	Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ’ t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? 
 That's all right . Have a good day . 	Harry , do you like the opera ? 
 That ’ s good . I ’ d like to see it . 	How are you doing today ? 
 Oh , you men ! You're all the same . 	My name's McDonald . 
 Good bye ! 	What can I do for you ? 
 Ah ... No , I can't place her . 	Good evening , may I help you ? 
 Sure , when those never ending meetings . 	I'd like to buy a house about 300m with a garden . Can you help me ? 
 That sounds great . I'll bring a bottle of wine then . 	My lease ends next month , so I have to find a new place . 
 Maybe we should call its after-service man . 	Whoa , look at all those ice cream choices ! 
 Oh ! Thank you . 	how do you usually get to school ? 
 See ? And I bet that's easy to do online . Everybody's anonymous . 	Excuse me . 
 Could you come back later ? We ’ re right in the middle of dinner . 	What are you doing tomorrow ? 
 Alright . I'll have a cup of tea waiting for you . 	Balista , pull me a ristretto . 
 Good idea . I will think it over . 	Do you have any habits such as smoking ? 
 No , from here I think it's only about 5 dollars . 	Eat some more . 
 Last week I was down to 60 kilos . This week I had one donut more . Now I'm up to 62 kilos . 	Are things still going badly with your houseguest ? 
 I hope you are right . 	Hi , I am looking for a woman named Mia . 
 Yes , I have . 	Reception . May I help you ? 
 OK . I like the design of this lamps . I also need some cushion covers . I ’ ll just browse through those ones over there . 	How many kinds of secretaries work here ? 
 They aren't hard . I am sure you can do it . 	My name is Helen Levin . I'm the HR director of our company . 
 You're welcome . 	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? 
 About 40 percent , if he speaks slowly.When he speaks fast , I can only catch a word here and there . But Mr . Wang is an excellent Chinese teacher.With his help , my Chinese is getting better and better e 	I ’ d like to be fitted for a suit please . 
 I guess it does seem logical . I'll have to check it out ! 	I'm so glad to meet you . 
 92 . 	Okay , here's the lease . Read it over before you sign it . As you can see , the deposit is $ 300 . 
 But the poll says only 15 percent say he will be remembered as an outstanding president . 	I'll help you with your homework . 
 Yes , in some ways it was a step down from my previous job but it did offer me much better prospects for the future . 	Well , Peter . I'm sorry you're ill . What's the matter with you ? 
 Thank you . I appreciate the compliment . 	What happened ? 
 Wonderful . Thanks very much . 	Linda ? Is that you ? I haven't seen you in ages ! 
 Oh , yes . Singing is also a good way of keeping fit , at least mentally . 	Shall I take a picture of all of you ? 
 All right . You need to have an interview with our manager , Mr . McBride . Let's go to his office . 	Maybe we'd better go now . 
 Yeah , that's fine . Next Friday at 12 at Garden Hotel . I'll look forward to it . 	Hello , China Travel Agency . Can I help you ? 
 You'd better be early in case that you may be late because of traffic jam . That will put you in a insurmountable place . 	Have you heard of Paul ? 
 Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here . 	Could you tell me the right time , please ? 
 I haven ’ t ever tried that , but it sounds like a good idea . 	What would you like to have in your breakfast , bread , egg or sandwiches ? 
 No sugar , please . 	My goodness ! My silk dress is shrunk . How did you wash it ? 
 Thank you . 	Is this seat taken ? 
 OK . Great idea ! 	What's happening , officer ? 
 You seem to have a large gullibility line . You believe everything that you're told . 	Nice day , isn't it ? 
 Alright ... I get your point . 	Mrs.Smith , time has stood still with you ! 
 It's a pleasure . 	Hi , my name is Tom . 
 They do , but it doesn't help too much . Having seven children means that the money situation in my home is always pretty tight . 	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ? 
 You'll see next week . I'll come by one day at lunchtime . 	Oh , I think I broke my leg . 
 Oh ! You mean she doesn ’ t have to work now ? It ’ s hard for young parents not to overreact , isn ’ t it ? 	Mary , be calm . 
 OK , thanks for the order . 	Have you got anything to declare , madam ? 
 Arthur , that ’ s the bathroom . 	Hey Steve . When's the next time you're going to play golf ? 
 You're going to have a little Montezuma's revenge tomorrow morning . 	Ah , ah , ah ... 
 Sure , here you are . 	Excuse me , sir . May I help you ? 
 That ’ s a great idea . I ’ ll search for some information on the internet . If it ’ s possible to do , the internet will have some information about it . 	Do you know what the BBS is ? 
 Thanks ! 	I need a suggestion for a restaurant here in Manhattan . 
 Here is my credit card . 	Good morning , sir . How may I help you ? 
 You got me on that one . 	Mark ? What were you up to yesterday ? I called you , but there wasn ’ t anybody home . 
 I really appreciate your time and help . See you then . 	She is so stupid . 
 Really ? 	I called about that ad we saw in the paper . 
 I think it ’ s because the manufactures are constantly bringing out new models . Because they know that we will buy the new models , the appliances don ’ t need to last more than five or ten year 	She is really pretty , isn't she ? Her skin looks so baby-smooth ! 
 I will . Thank you , dad . 	Dad , can you lend me some money ? 
 I'm going to pay it today . 	We are willing to participate in the bid which you advertised in China Daily . Would you please tell me the detail of the tender conditions ? 
 Very good . Now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts . 	We have some quality-control problems . Mr . Zhang . We need to go to the source to work them out . 
 Not yet . 	Mom , did you feel the earthquake this afternoon ? 
 Here ‘ s the check for hen dollars 	Hi , sorry to have kept you waiting . 
 Aren't you the pot calling the kettle black ? You're wearing my pants right now ! 	Hello , Fife Computers . How can I help ? 
 Take it easy . Be confident . I'm sure you can do it . 	Well , I've got a date . Now I need to find a restaurant . Can you help me ? 
 All right . I ’ ll see you on Friday . 	Dear fellows . As you know , Mr . Ross will be leaving us very soon after his short but meaningful visit to our company . 
 That's correct . With DEL you can do both . 	I have never bought a house before and don ’ t know how to make an offer . 
 Wonderful . Just e-mail me the time and date and I'll be there . 	Excuse me . I ’ m a stranger here and lost my way . 
 Thanks , Hugh . I owe you one . 	Mr . Brown is in hospital again . 
 Some provide wrong pictures for the goods , so many buyers are deceived . 	Are you studying any languages here ? 
 I guess so . I am badly off and I need this job . 	Can I borrow five bucks ? 
 I will . Thank you . 	I'd like to speak to Robert . 
 Bye . 	Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up . 
 Yes , twice . 	Shit , so crowded ! 
 Hmm ... you're right . Well , I guess ' Terminator ' is an exception to the rule . 	What a beautiful sweater ! 
 I know , it tastes horrible . But it'll make you feel better . Try holding your nose . It won't taste as bad . 	I wish I had access to the public library . 
 Yeah , I agree.Every wall has two sides . 	Can you finish your homework in ten minutes ? 
 Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search . 	Excuse me , I'm looking for your casual short-sleeved shirts . Can you tell me where those are ? 
 You know , he is a taxi driver . He has to have his eyes peeled all the time when he drives , especially during the rush hour . 	Why do you change your job and apply for a translator ? 
 So what ? I got a ninety-nine . 	The doctor sent me over here to have my blood drawn . 
 I don't really . I just like wildlife , and you don't get to see too much of it in the city . This place is full of it . 	The principal just announced that Dr . Smith is going to take over as dean of our department . 
 I am in charge of marketing activities in South-East Asia , for example , organizing trade conferences and arranging exhibitions . 	What do you think of that situation comedies showed every weekend ? 
 It's fun walking around them , but their displays are so good I'm tempted to buy things I don't really need . 	I think it might be a good idea to work as a guide . 
 Hey , thanks , mum . 	Dad , you've been driving for three hours . Why don't we have a switch ? 
 Shall I put some oil on ? B 	Hi , my name is Lean , and I'm from Russia . 
 But number 13 buses leave from the center of town . You'll have to walk two miles to catch one . 	These goods can be broken very easily , so we would be thankful if you would be sure to use durable packing materials . 
 Hold on a second , please . 	I never watch foreign films . They're too boring . 
 Right . Look , why don ’ t we make a list of the problems we ’ re dealing with . It ’ ll be easier to work through them that way . 	We're interested in your Drawn Works . What about the supply position ? 
 I'll just go and check it for you , sir . 	Hi , sir . Come and have a look here . We have all kinds of sweaters . 
 Thank you . 	Good coming ! Welcome to J P Interior Design . 
 Thanks a lot . 	May I help you ? 
 Let ’ s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field ! 	Would you like to come to our party ? 
 I think you are absolutely right . Actually , my father proposed to my mother after knowing her only two weeks . They got married a month later . 	Jim , I heard you ’ Ve bought a new computer . 
 Then he is really lucky . 	Room service.What can I do for you ? 
 Don't worry , he'll make good progress step by step . 	More and more women don ’ t want to stay at home and keep house now . 
 Well , the airport is quite far from the downtown area , but it is still more convenient than taking the train . 	Have you been registered yet , sir ? 
 As a journalist , I have strong communication skills . I am good at both discourse management and strategic competence . 	hi , Emily , do you know that guy over there ? 
 Don't be too critical.We can't expect it to be perfect . 	The telephone is ringing . Can you answer it , Sue ? 
 Just keep track of everything and get it all back where you took it from by Sunday evening . 	Smells good ! What ’ s for breakfast ? 
 OK . Here you are . 	Some people are easily flimflammed . 
 That's convenient.Thank you . 	Hello . 
 Maybe we should start shopping around the competitors people . 	You look very professional in the suit . 
 Well , that's life . 	Hello . Is Vanessa there ? 
 Yes , there's that bar we passed an hour ago . 	Are you going to vote tomorrow ? 
 Focus on being relaxed and open , don't forget to smile and shake hands and be genuinely interested in what their company is about . I'm sure you'll do well . 	Why are you so crazy about bird-watching ? What do you get out of it ? 
 All right ! Thanks ! 	Have you ever seen coco ? 
 Shut up . You should think how to make fortunes , not look for a squabble . 	May I help you ? 
 I ’ ll just have to put up with it . 	Isn ’ t he the best instructor ? I think * he ’ s so hot . Wow ! I really feel energized , don ’ t you ? 
 Fine . Thank you . 	The weather is terrible . 
 Very good . Now , if you will accompany me , we can take your measurements and choose the patterns for your suit and shirts . 	It's getting late , Mary . 
 I'm sure you'll do fine . 	The band is pretty good . How do you like the music ? 
 Yes . We need to put the money into long-term projects rather than wasting it on short-term ones . 	What certificates of technical qualification have you got ? 
 Come on , let's talk about it . 	What do we need for the barbecue ? 
 Ah ! That sounds interesting . 	Out of every movie that you've seen , which one is your favorite ? 
 Yes , you have 2 weeks paid vacation a year , and you get it additional week after 4 years , and then again , after 9 years if you decide to stay that long , we promote from within based on performance , so there is an excellent chance that you could become a sales manager or even a regional manager . 	Pardon me . Could you help me ? 
 Oh , why didn't you say so then ? But I still think we've made a good buy . 	Why , Tom ? It's five to six already and you are still writing here . 
 OK , I ’ ll fill out the form and come right back . 	What can I do for you ? 
 That ’ s okay . I ’ ll call back later . 	Do you know who that tall man is ? 
 That's fine . 	You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? 
 The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun ! 	Lisa , would you like to go to the library with me ? 
 Yes , I will . 	Do you think Tom will be elected president ? 
 No , thanks . 	Good morning , Mary . 
 I wish he could understand . You know what , if this goes on , I think I will get stick like everybody else . 	I don't want to do the damn dishes . 
 that ' for sure but very few . 	do you have internet in your room ? 
 Good idea . Thanks a billion . 	It's getting late . I really have to go . 
 Sure . But more importantly , I can have peace of mind . 	I really want to take a nap . I feel very sleepy today . 
 I think you make the right decision . 	Does Tom drink a lot ? 
 Then we'll have four-jewel soup . 	What's going on with you ? 
 I ’ m at the end of tether . I run out of ideas . 	What was the party like last night , Jean ? 
 Sounds good . 	Next , please . 
 Not at all . 	Three twenty-five cent stamps , please . 
 You're welcome . 	Hi , Mr . Brown , we have visited the factories and I'm very satisfied with your factories production conditions . 
 Well then , thanks for your help . Have a great day ! 	I need to find a new place to live . 
 Right.Can I compensate for the damage with the travel accident insurance ? 	You sure are buying a lot of things online . 
 Haha , I'm afraid it's simply because no one wishes to be too noticeable by finishing off the plate . 	Your father looks much younger in the picture . 
 All right , I'll let you know when I get through . 	When can you start the job ? 
 Oh , the company is the fourth largest machine producer in the world . It was founded in the United States in 1980 . I know that the company has made good use of advanced technology . 	Hello . floor service , can I help you ? 
 That's just what I need , sometimes I'm pretty forgetful . 	Has the game started yet ? 
 It's OK . Thank you . 	Do you believe that classified ads in the newspaper are the most effective way to search for a job ? 
 Today ’ s interview is for us to get to know a little about you . And the interview will last a little bit longer . So , if you ’ re comfortable , I want to ask you some questions . 	Did I do well on my test ? 
 Well , don't blame me ! I never get a chance to watch TV . 	Julia , what's the weather forecast for tomorrow ? 
 Oh , I like the color . 	Your knowledge of English is really surprising . 
 That's good . See you on Friday . 	Look over there . That is what I am looking for . Let's go ! 
 Not to put off till tomorrow what you can do today . I've found out that time and money get away very easily — you think you have them , and they're gone ! Putting things off just makes it worse later , so even if it's hard at the time , I try to get things done that day and not let them go . 	Where are you planning on transferring to ? 
 You can wash the vegetables and cut the chicken and I'll make dinner ! 	Hello , I'm sorry for calling this late . May I speak to Peter ? 
 Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ? 	How old are you ? 
 Let me have a look at the receipt . 	I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . 
 What a shame . 	The weather in Beijing is just beautiful ! 
 This will fix all of that for you . If you use our online payment service , the money will come straight out of your account and go directly into the seller's account , in a secure way . 	How were you getting along with your studies ? 
 I'll try my best . 	Susan has been down recently . I saw her this morning , she looked terrible ! 
 No . You shouldn't drive like that . 	Can you imagine having a million dollars ? 
 Good idea . 	How old are you ? 
 I don't know . I think the idea of a plant going across borders with a friend is really exciting but maybe seeds would be safer . You don't want to get her in trouble . 	Happy Thanksgiving ! 
 That sounds fine . If you could give me the name and address of the dealer I'll go over there now and see what they've got . 	I want to check in now . Here is my ticket . 
 At a formal dinner , you wait for your hostess to put hers on her lap first . 	Here's some dancing . See those guys stomping , clapping and shouting ? They're practicing step-dancing . 
 I don't care . 	You should have seen the T . V . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights . 
 Paper , please . 	Who is this on the water buffalo ? 
 I ’ m ready and willing to help . 	Help ! Help ! 
 Fine . 	I'd like to meet you again sometime . 
 Now you know why I wanted to work for the Post Office ! 	What does it cost to ride this bus ? 
 It's really a surprise . 	Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students ! 
 Thank you . 	There is a tornado warning on . My mother just told me she heard it on the radio . 
 We'd like to . You may call the attendant if you need any help . 	What day is it today ? 
 Thank you , dear . I feel better now . 	Here's the picture of my family . 
 Your company is very reputed in this city . I heard much praise to your company . 	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ? 
 Crouch down and try not to breathe in the smoke . 	How about going to dance this evening , Jane ? You will find that the night life of this city is very interesting ! 
 I ’ m sorry to hear about that . 	What did he say ? 
 You're telling me . 	Good morning Mr Smith . My name is Susan and I am a reporter for the Evening Star . 
 Nah ! This is boring ! I ’ m gonna go play Killer Zombies on my PlayStation ! 	Ms Anderson , my name is Mike . I am Division Chief of ABC Company . Welcome to Toronto . 
 I---I don ’ t feel like saying it 	it ’ s such a nice day outside . Let ’ s take a walk into town and do some window-shopping . 
 I told you so . 	This is Mary . I just want to let you know that we made an offer to you . The salary is 3,000 yuan a month , I e-mailed the offer to you as well . You can let me know within a week if you accept the offer . 
 Sometimes , it ’ s hard to know who belongs in each section of the museum ! 	can I get you something to drink ? 
 Easy as pie ! We can get everything set up for you right away . Then , you'll be shopping securely online in no time at all . 	May I speak to Marry Lin please ? 
 OK . 	Bob , I'm really upset with you . 
 thanks a lot . You ’ Ve been very helpful . 	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them . 
 My pleasure . 	I don ’ t know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has louse up my business several times . 
 People think it's funny . 	I have to talk to you ! 
 Absolutely , Jenny . Thanks very much , I think you've saved me quite a lot of money today . 	That was a tough question . How did you get it right ? 
 Yes , Mum . 	Hello . I am calling about the apartment you advertised . 
 Goodbye , Alice . 	Waiter , bring me the menu , will you ? 
 Great . I'll wait right here , thanks . 	I was wondering how you are going to calculate our final grades . 
 I once played truant when I was in college because I intended to organize a donation activity for the disaster-hit areas in Sichuan . 	Hello , Mary . How are you ? 
 Get this prescription filled and go straight to bed . 	How's your new apartment ? 
 You are welcome . 	Excuse me.Where do I register ? 
 Bye ! 	How do you get along with your co-workers ? 
 It looks good . Pack me a bouquet of violet , please . 	That is what we are pursuing . 
 Of course , I like it very much . Thank you . 	You ’ re a wonderful person , Kathleen . 
 to be honest , in order for the earth to continue to be a habitable place , we're all going to have to become more interested in the environment . 	What'll it be today , sir ? 
 thanks ! 	Paul , you were also a parent of young kids before . So , can you tell me what you did when your kids didn ’ t behave very well ? 
 Great . Good luck . 	Excuse me , driver . Let me off here , please . 
 Very good . 	I am looking for a pan . 
 I see 	I met Mark yesterday . He looked blue . 
 Yes , I will get you one . 	I just meant that she's got different taste . 
 All right . Then I can do some shopping today before going back to my country . 	Matthew , do you know much about body language in countries around the world ? 
 Some days are just like that . 	Here is the document you asked for this morning . 
 Uh ... no . 	I am sorry , sir . I have broken the reading lamp in my room . 
 I'm very sorry , sir . Will you please hold while I transfer you to my supervisor ? 	It's time to graduate and it's time to find a job . Susan , why do we need to find a job ? 
 Ok with me . You are the boss . I will meet you downstairs after work . 	I think you should look over these figures again . There are some calculations that are a bit off . 
 Trust me . Everything will go well . 	How are you , Kim ? I haven ’ t seen you around for a few days . 
 Because you have to hear it really loud to get the full concert effect . 	We'd like a half-day package . 
 that's right . Most of the Chinese students pursuing higher education in Australia intend to return to China . 	I'm hungry . Let's go to the snack bar . 
 Sure , I'd love to . 	What's the name of the singer who sings this song ? 
 You will be able to put your clothes on as soon as I have checked the film . 	Good evening . 
 I think I'll stick with a more traditional choice today ! 	I'm calling to say good-bye . 
 It's a large sum of money . I can't afford to lose it . 	Excuse me ! I don't have time to waste . I've been here almost one full hour ! 
 I think that ’ s true with any of the fine arts . 	Oh , what a relief ! Thank you very much for your help , Miss . 
 I would apply my specialty and experience to my job and gradually move up to the management level in this company . 	My parents are always saying I am not good enough . 
 Dear , this bakery has introduced some new types of cake recently and you can eat as much as you can . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Red . 	Good morning , sir . Are you checking out now ? 
 Yes , you are right . Either party is not well-equipped to produce the final products single-handedly , but they can enter into an agreement . In such case , each side contributes different resources to make the manufacture of a certain product or a category of products possible . 	Can I help you ? 
 You cannot predict who will become addicted to gambling . Now excuse me , I have a protest rally to organize ! 	Traxi.taxi . 
 I'll just get a regular home computer then . I don't think I'll need to lug my computer around with me . 	Susan , Did you know the four ugliest women in ancient China ? 
 I ’ ll give him a call . 	Excuse me , I want to know the price of your CPU . 
 I am self-indulgent sometimes . 	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere . 
 Dammit ! I asked for sunny side up ! How many times do I have to tell you . 	Tell me , what do you enjoy doing in your spare time ? 
 Actually , I study a lot less here than I did in Taiwan ! My classes are great , though . Sociology is the perfect major for me . 	So , what happened ? 
 Good for you , keep it up . 	Can I help you ? 
 OK , I am going to the hotel to pick you up . See you tomorrow night . 	John , it ’ s time to get up . 
 See you ! 	By the way miss , where is the toilet ? 
 Because they are rednecks . 	Can we have dinner together sometime this weekend ? 
 Thank you ! 	What kind of place shall we rent ? 
 OK , I'll get to work on it at once . 	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature . 
 Thank you . Have a good one . 	He's going too slow . 
 When I ’ m home in the States , I go , but not in China . 	Excuse me , I ’ Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time . 
 No , I'll send a larger vehicle to pick you up . 	What are you going to do after you return from Washington ? 
 the most difficult thing is being able to predict what other people will say . They will reply to your statements , but you can ’ t be sure how . 	Oh , George , what a beautiful day it is today ! The sun is hot and there are just a few clouds scattered here and there ! What a perfect day to be at the beach ! The kids are going to have so much fun ! And we ’ ll be able to relax in the sun while they ’ re playing . 
 Yes , I have already booked a room . 	Well , that's why you'r here.My source for big TV sets overcharged me on the last shipment , so I need someone new . I wanted to meet you to see if we can work together . I think 
 OK , I will repeat what I said loudly . 	You'd better prepare for the examination . 
 Ah , it ’ s hard to say . 	Are you ready to leave ? 
 A growing keep-fit fever is sweeping over China . 	you are dressed to kill . You look gorgeous , Alexander . 
 They managed a 99:80 victory . 	I received an eviction notice from you , and I don ’ t understand what it means . 
 Really , because spicy food is my favorite . 	Have you ever made any plan for your future ? 
 It's very exciting . I think . 	Can I help you ? 
 It's my pleasure . 	Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ? 
 That means you don ’ t like them . If you hit it off with them , you will like to see their smiles . 	hi , how are you doing ? 
 Nice ! Let ' s go ! 	May I help you , sir ? 
 That sounds perfect for us . 	Does the material stand washing ? 
 I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . I ’ ll turn to it right away . 	You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ? 
 He is on the line . 	Take care , Peter . Don't run so fast.Are you tired ? 
 Here is the menu . Take your time . 	What kind of character do you think you have ? 
 Of course , Ms . Walker . Could I have your account number , please ? And , when do these documents need to arrive ? 	Hey , I'm hungry . How about you ? 
 No , that ’ s all . I already have your resume . 	Tomorrow I'll take you to some places that I'm sure you will have interest in . 
 I am knowledgeable and levelheaded . 	Wait for me 。 
 Then I'll just shut up and sit down ! 	Hello there ! Come on in ! Don ’ t just stand there ! Come and take a seat ! 
 Sure . It's $ 100 . 	I want to say ... 
 When was the palace built ? 	What's your favorite sport ? 
 Nine would be perfect . I'll see you then ! 	I ’ d like to check in please . 
 Well , don ’ t be late . I ’ ll see you on Friday at Helen ’ s . 	I'm sorry for spilling my drink on your rug . 
 Well , I need to polish up my English . 	Personnel . May I help you ? 
 My mistake . 	I ’ m so relieved that your ankle wasn ’ t broken ! I feel just awful about this whole thing . I wanna make it up to you . Let me take you out to dinner tonight . My treat . 
 Haven't you been listening to a word I've been saying ? 	Good afternoon . Is there a vacant room here ? 
 There is nothing at all to worry about . Once you're in the air , it's just like sitting in your own living room . It's going to be a very pleasant flight . 	How do I buy my textbooks ? 
 We need a detention warrant . 	Hello , I am Richard from the Brooks Head-hunter company . Can I have a private talk with you ? 
 That ’ s a perfect plan . Enjoy yourself . 	So Vicky , how long have you held your present position ? 
 i do , too . 	Michael , it is time to wake up . 
 That would be great . 	How was your trip to America ? 
 So there is something wrong with her ! It was beginning to sound like she was too good to be true ! 	Can I help you ? 
 I don't like the weather like this . Cold and rainy . Hope it become sunny as soon as possible . 	May I help you ? 
 Yes . And I took many pictures . 	What are you doing here ? How about your resume now ? 
 Have a nice evening . 	Hi Mike . What have you been up to ? 
 Thank you very much . 	What are your strengths and weaknesses ? 
 I'm terribly sorry I can't go with you . Shall we find some other time ? 	The bracelet is so well suited to you . It looks very nice . 
 I see what you mean . He ’ s really cute . How old is he ? 	Do you think chinese families have changed much in the last 50 years ? 
 Well . Good for him . 	are you ready for your first driving lesson ? 
 Thank you , Mrs . Smith . I do hope the answer will be favorable . Goodbye . 	Are you being served , madam ? 
 Very good . 	Were you able to get a look at the suspect's face ? 
 Hmm ... Darryl doesn't look like the red underwear type ... 	Julia , I would like to have a word with you . Have a seat . 
 Thank you . But I ’ m sorry I ’ m in a bad mood at the moment . 	I really have a good time here.Thank you very much . 
 No problem . 	May I have the menu , please ? 
 Certainly.It has been specially treated . 	To start with , may I know why you are interested in working for our company ? 
 What ? Are you serious ? Oh , my gosh ! There will be guys everywhere . 	Beauties Picture , how may I help you ? 
 And I need to stretch my legs now . 	How would you like this order shipped ? 
 Smiles and kind attitudes are the basics of acknowledgments . 	Could you have a taxi pick me up and take me to the airport before 1 p . m . ? 
 Oh , that's how you see it . 	How long have you been in Taiwan ? 
 Thank you for your understanding sir . I will book your flight now . 	My uncle gave me this bicycle as a birthday present . Look ! 
 That's why you can't open it . You'll have to upgrade before you can read the file . 	Jane , what do think about this dinner ? 
 It sure is . 	I really admire you , Diana . 
 Well , don't get bend on a ship about it . 	How about your grades of study ? 
 Thank you for your advice ! I'll try it . 	What's the weather like in Britain ? 
 I think you are absolutely right . Actually , my father proposed to my mother after knowing her only two weeks . They got married a month later . 	Daniel , you know ? Lisa has invited us to have dinner this afternoon . 
 What I can tell you is that I voted for our next President of the United States . 	Have you met John ? 
 Honey , please . You're the only woman for me , forever . I swear it . 	Television is undoubtedly a great invention , but one of the main criticisms of it is that people just aren't selective enough . Lesley , got a television . how do you pick out the sorts ofprogrammes you want to watch ? 
 A bank was robbed this afternoon . A reporter on the scene covered the event , the live coverage reproduce the robbery to the live . 	Lisa , I am told you did very well in your exam . 
 No , but she gave me her friend's telephone number . I can call him and make an appointment . 	Could you call Mr . Jacob for me , Sara ? I need to go over some stuff with him . 
 I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 150,000 a year . To be honest , I left the company to get more income . 	Hello , Sir . What can we do for you today ? 
 Congratulations on the new apartment . 	Hi . I ’ m here for flight 514 returning to Beijing but the board shows there is a delay.How long of a delay is expected ? 
 Here it is . Let's go . 	Thank you very much for your dinner . 
 Till 5:30 . 	Mr . Bellow , have you anything in mind as to what to drink or may I make a few suggestions ? 
 Well , fish it will be then . 	I'd like to order dinner . 
 OK . I'll be back soon . 	Alice , your father is amazing . He ’ s 90 years old and he lives alone in that big house . 
 All right , doctor . But it really hurts . 	Do you have the same in different sizes ? The trousers are too long for me . 
 Right . Okay , let me see what I can do . How about 1:30 right after my lunch meeting ? It won ’ t take more than a half hour , will it ? 	Well , speak of the devil . 
 Next Wednesday . 	Excuse me , what's the actual flying time from here to Zurich ? 
 No , I can ’ t accept it . Business is business . 	Would you like to come by and play bridge ? 
 It was just a misunderstanding . 	Does your wife work ? 
 Oh , no problem . Here's the lid that comes with the pan . 	How did Jim get the money ? 
 This is gonna be a great barbecue ! 	Hi , Mary . You look pale today . What's the matter with you ? 
 All right , ma'am , they'll be ready for you in an hour . 	Would you please wait this letter to see with the postages ? 
 No problem , I'll just get the form for you . 	Did you hear the good news ? 
 Thanks . 	The poor girl is up to the eyes in study all the day . 
 Yes , it is.But it's nice in spring and fall . 	Hi , Jack , how have you been ? 
 Well , I just wanted to say well done . Really you did a great job . 	Honey , do you have a second ? 
 Another big step forward in saving on our office equipment , I don ’ t need a desktop anymore . A laptop is enough . 	Would you like something to drink ? 
 wonderful ! I'll start packing our suitcases . 	excuse me , is this the way to the Greta Wall ? 
 It's miles per hour . 	I heard a rumor this morning ... It seems Trusten Tools is going out of business.Another competitor is going bankrupt.That could be good news for us . 
 I'm afraid I don ’ t . 	How long have you been in England ? 
 That sounds fair . 	What are you going to do next year ? 
 You're smart . 	How is your new dormitory ? 
 But how guilty to waste food ! 	Hi , Bob ! How are you doing ? 
 Yes , please . 	Are you voting tomorrow ? 
 No , not really . Just bring yourselves . We would like to your presence . 	How are you doing ? 
 My husband , my mother-in-law , my daughter and I . 	I am certain I am going to fail my English test . 
 My bad.sorry ! 	how do you usually spend your day , now that you ’ Ve retired ? 
 Me too . 	Good afternoon , madam . Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	Have you been registered yet , sir ? 
 Okay , I'll make you some food . 	Do you have any job placement services at EDD ? 
 Of course . 	I see that there are Olympic mascots in your car . 
 Fine . Actually I am a little tired too . Want some water ? 	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ? 
 Yes , sir . We offer a 10 % discount for groups more than 5 . 	Sandrawu Chunk International . 
 I like autumn , too . Where I'm from , Autumn is the best time of year . 	What wrong with you ? You look pale ? 
 Well , it's the 10th and on the Tuesday . 	How much is the admission fee for a student ? 
 In California . 	Steven , have you ever met Hanson ever since he went back to London ? 
 Maybe you would like to try this one with the willow pattern . The price is the same and it's bigger . 	Excuse me , sir . My baggage is badly damaged . 
 Oh , yes . The green dress is very smart . but I can't be sure if it goes with a hat . 	So how's everything going for Christmas ? 
 I totally understand . 	Playing the chess is very exhausting , isn't ? 
 I liked talking to you too . 	Hi , this is Tom Port . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? 
 Thank you . 	Hey , Mom , look what I found ! 
 I'll be expecting you then . 	It's time to go . Are you ready ? 
 We can live well , I think . 	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ? 
 Oh , I see.Thank you . 	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . 
 We demand a surcharge of 80 cents for it . 	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside . 
 So , how was your trip to Thailand ? 	May I help you ? 
 The line is connected . Please go ahead . 	Hi , I'd like to return this radio . 
 Not at all . 	Who's the champion in this picture ? 
 But if the company asks , what else can we do ? 	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday . 
 Ok ! 	An idea about killing time on a train ? 
 Yeah , I know . You are right . 	You must be annoyed about your boyfriend ’ s leaving you , huh ? 
 Thank you for you help . 	the May holiday is coming up soon . Are you planning on going on vacation ? 
 It's so nice of you . 	Did you read the news that ' China's property prices rose at the fastest pace in 18 months in December , ending the year with rising fears of bubbles in the property market ' ? 
 Partly , and he's also a hardworking man . 	Hello ! Is your taxi engaged ? 
 I graduated and now want to get a BA . 	What brings you to Beijing ? 
 You ’ re right . I ’ ll save the beer for when we land . One orange juice , please . 	Excuse me , do you know the shortcut to the Lincoln park ? 
 Thanks . 	Housekeeping . May I help you ? 
 That ’ s expensive , but I need you . 	What are you doing here today ? 
 Ah ! Not on me ! Ow ! 	What is your policy on returns ? 
 I ’ m afraid I ’ ll be late . 	Hello , may I speak with the property manager , please ? 
 Well , I haven't thought much about this . I think it's too early to tell . What is most important for me now is to do the best possible job for the company and learn and develop my skills as much as possible . 	Are you a soccer fan ? 
 Yes , that's right . You have a good memory . 	Hello , I am Mr . Johnson at room 309 . I would like to have a safe box . Do I need to pay for a safe box ? 
 My wife didn ’ t like it ! 	Ouch , it ’ s unbearable . 
 That's great . 	Can I help you ? 
 I appreciate your kindness . 	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please . 
 I see . 	Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ? 
 Thank you for coming , Ms.baker . 	Do you mind if we call on you this evening ? 
 It is because your children have grown up , and you haven ’ t lived with a child for a long time . 	This section of the store is called Junior . Why is that ? 
 So , I want to recommend them for a raise . Fred is promoted to be the assistant of manager in marketing department and David to be director of office . 	Well , Mike , nowadays there's much talk about nanometer . But what on earth is it ? 
 no wonder you like the class so much . 	What's the matter with you then ? You look miserable . 
 I feel like maybe I am coming down with the flu . 	Mary , we're going to the supermarket . Do you want to come ? 
 Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha . 	Sam , what shall I do with my stocks ? Will I lose money ? 
 Thanks . 	Would you like some more coffee ? 
 That's fine.Thank you . 	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note . 
 It's a private garden . 	What would you like to drink ? 
 Yes , Jane says they will go to China . 	Do you have any questions you want to ask ? 
 Terrific ! B . A . , again and again-B . A . 	What are your career goals , Miss Li ? 
 Quite sure . 	Show us our itineraries , please . 
 That ’ s fine . My credit card number is ... 	Waiter , the meat is overdone . 
 Ok , sue , I will just go in get her . 	How much are you asking for this ? 
 Thank you very much , madam . Here are some samples of our products . Do try them out . 	What is that plastic cup for ? 
 Maybe I am just homesick . I know you ’ re right . I just miss China , that ’ s all . 	What's wrong with you ? You look pale . 
 I'm on the corner of the Fifth and Mane . 	What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ? 
 Kids are kids . 	Oh , Linda , you must be so excited about going to study in America . 
 That's true . I should make sure my wife and baby stay healthy during this time . 	Excuse me . I want to pay for these items . 
 Just 10 more minutes . 	What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ? 
 It ’ s available now , and it ’ s got a very good location . You won ’ t be far from work . 	Can you tell me the differences between a letter and a memorandum , Miss Thong ? 
 So they create viruses to tell people they are smart ? That's really sick . 	Why's the plane shaking ? 
 That is him . 	How old is Keith ? 
 Have fun . 	I like the design of the coat . 
 I can schedule you with him with no problem . We look forward to seeing you . 	what do you hope to do when you finish university ? 
 Fine , we will make sure that we send you all of the information that you need . See you there ! 	Where are you feeling the pain ? 
 Yes , simple as it is . It does work . 	Good morning , madam . What can I do for you ? ! 
 I am a realist . 	What do you want to know about me ? 
 Thank you very much . This should only take me a few minutes . 	What do you think of the project ? 
 Bye-bye . 	I ’ m fed up with marriage . 
 Seems like it . 	How are you feeling , John ? 
 All right . I will take one . 	Hello , IMPF Bank , how can I help you ? 
 Very short time . I became an auditor within three months . 	How are you making out these days ? 
 That's terrible ! 	So , how's your work ? 
 I think I'm convinced that trying for this position is the best choice for you . 	Brian , a company called me for an interview . 
 That sounds great . Give me a call next time you guys play . 	I heard Tom was caught stealing something again in the supermarket . 
 I am sure I'll enjoy some real chinese food then . 	Excuse me , do you know where the Post Office is ? 
 All right , Elizabeth . But this is the last time . 	Hi . What's up ? 
 OK . 	Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day . 
 Would you like to donate to our alumni fund ? 	Good afternoon , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Better luck this time ! 	Have a nice weekend ! 
 Please drive slowly . 	I had an accident . 
 Yes , it is . ( ... ) Thank you . Please fill in this form . Can you check this box , and put your initials here , and again here . 	What's the name of this street ? 
 That's all right . 	Are you doing anything right now , Diana ? 
 Wow ! This was a lot easier than I thought ! 	Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ? 
 It all depends on what you want to accomplish in your life . 	Can I help you ? 
 She's 42 . 	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things . 
 It ’ s too late . 	I'll try one of these on . ( The customer tries one of the shoes on . ) It's too big . It slides up and down my heel when I walk around . 
 The price factor can be a useful instrument for exporters when trying to place their products in industrialized countries . Of course , marketing goods abroad is not only a question of price . There are also other important factors such as design , quality of goods , terms of sale , transport and insurance . 	How about the hiking ? It was freezing yesterday , are you all ok ? 
 It's possible . Give me a minute and I can fix these for you and then we can go . 	I'm sorry , your visa has expired . 
 you're welcome . 	I've just got a new printer . How often do I need to replace the print heads ? 
 Okay , I'll write it down for you . 	Jenny , you're too lazy . You should do some exercise . See , you're getting fat . 
 I can ’ t believe it ! I guess I ’ ll be here until ten again tonight ! 	May I see the manager of your company ? 
 My plans aren't until later , so I'll clean it before I go . 	The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge . 
 Really ? I hope to meet him soon . 	Oh ... I am really worried about the exam . I have no idea what will be on it . 
 No . Actually , I'm based in Shanghai . I'm just here for the conference . So , T & D eh ... 	Hello . I'd like to speak to Susan . 
 He's over sixty . 	Hi , Becky , what's up ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	I decided to go for this kind of life . 
 Oh , boy . His wife can ’ t be happy about that . 	Good morning , Mr.Jones ! 
 Tracing back , Yoga has a very long history . It was originated before India had approved Yoga and these documents were arranged and written according to the contents passed by mouth to mouth . In other words , Yoga is passed down from ancient times , which cannot be recalled . 	Hi , Francis , morning ! How are you doing today ? 
 Thanks for your help . 	Have you got any specific proposal about the terms of payment ? 
 I see . Thank you . 	I ’ Ve just taken out an insurance policy . Are you insured ? 
 Thanks a lot . I'll tell him . 	Paul ? I need to work out a time to get together with your people . 
 That's OK . We'll contact you the moment we hear from home . 	Are you going to vote ? 
 I had to visit all my relatives . 	Which film shall we see ? 
 I hope it will be of some use . 	Hi , can I help you ? 
 I'll take your word for it . 	Are you Liu Yan ? 
 They should fill in an application form , hand in the copies of Identification Card and household register . 	Lucy , come here ! I can see the lake which is in the center of park . 
 OK . Thank you . 	I feel so uncomfortable . 
 I would say it's about 5 degree Celsius . 	How was your shopping trip Martin ? 
 Wonderful , I'll go with you . 	Are you watching another news report about the war ? 
 All right , just a quick one . 	I have had some really horrible headaches lately . 
 Yes , that's the reason why I remain here . 	Here we are , Joan . This is the Palace museum , also known as the Forbidden city . 
 Don't be silly . Let's go Dutch . 	Did you get my email ? 
 In just one document ? That will definitely be a time saver . 	hi , Natasha , how's life ? 
 My husband takes him in the car . He passes the school on the way to the office . 	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? 
 Oh , it's time for the weather reporter . Let's turn on the TV . 	My son came home from three years in the navy . 
 I haven't thought of that . 	I've never met anyone like Clyde before . 
 Wait a minute , I will bring you some juice . 	Good afternoon , doctor . 
 I won ’ t spoil your enjoyment by telling you who won . There were a few surprises . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 I'm sorry to hear that . 	Hello , Jane ! 
 You're welcome . 	Excuse me , could you please take a picture for us ? 
 I will be done before they come . 	I came here to get a chest X-ray . 
 I studied French . Anyway ... that's enough about me.How about you ? Were you born in L . A . ? 	You missed the film.That ' s a shame . 
 Sure.Come on in . 	Harry is a hen-pecked husband . 
 I'm be right behind ya ! 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 Well , you ’ d better heat it before you eat it . 	Can I help you ? 
 Cheers ! 	Hello , james . Come in . go through to the living room . 
 In the same way , probably . 	You don't look too well . What's going on ? 
 No , but she gave me her friend's telephone number . I can call him and make an appointment . 	You spoken English is pretty good . Please tell me your experience in learning English . 
 That's all right . Make sure to look closely next time . 	Nowadays fewer and fewer people go to the movie theaters to see films . So I am afraid that the film studios are really getting hard time to survive . 
 Ok . 	I must apologize for having delayed the work . 
 Sure , a promise is a promise . 	I hear that you have been promoted . Congratulations on your promotion ! 
 Yes . The government has limited funds and must show that it is using the money responsibly 	And lots of Dear Abby sob stories ... 
 I appreciate that . 	I think we have had a very pleasant conversation , haven't we ? 
 3 dollars . 	Can I help you ? 
 Yes , I'm afraid there is . 	May I see a hat , please ? 
 It's a pleasure . 	Did you tip the bellboy ? 
 Thanks . 	Could you introduce some whitening products for me ? 
 Thank you ! 	Where do you come from ? 
 That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind . 	Hello , Steven , what are you doing now ? 
 Thank you very much . 	I heard you were on a date last night ! So , how did it go ? I want all the juicy details ! 
 Really . For me too . 	What do you need me to do ? 
 OK.She ' s near-sighted , with a pair of glasses on her nose.She is the only one wearing glasses in my family . 	Hi , I would like to return this TV . 
 It doesn't seem to be so easy . 	Well , this is not quite the style I want . Have you any suit in fashion ? 
 It's not my fault . 	Let me tell you what happened to my homework . 
 I know , but I forgot to go to the bathroom before we left . 	We are interested in your pure silk , but I'm wondering about the price . How much will you possibly offer us ? 
 It's our pleasure . We are always happy to have another satisfied customer . Thanks for calling . Goodbye . 	Shall we share a taxi ? 
 Great . Talk to you then . 	Good morning.May I help you ? 
 Very well . Thank you . 	What's this , I wonder ? 
 OK.Hurry up . 	Bob was late for work this morning . 
 We gather together to encourage each other , because we have common beliefs . We come together and call it church . 	Dalian is a beautiful city . Do you agree ? 
 That's free . 	Hello . Dr . Brown ’ s Dental Office . How can I help you ? 
 You're right . I probably should just work on my paper . Thanks ! 	have you read the feature article about Oprah Winfrey in this magazine ? 
 I see . 	I am unsure how to add a class and need help . 
 Problems are inevitable . 	Will you be joining Billy and I at the Bar ? 
 Thanks a lot . You are so kind . 	Here comes the birthday cake . 
 Elvin doesn't hold a grudge , if that's what you're worried about . 	Can I borrow your suit ? 
 Only about old movies , really ... 	Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? 
 That ’ s good . We always need team players here . 	Are you going grocery shopping today ? 
 Right . That one . Did it work ? 	What kind of gas does this car take ? 
 That was very lazy of you . 	Tomorrow is Halloween , I know I'm ready . I bought two pumpkins and a big bags of candy . Do you want to help me a jack-o-lantern ? 
 Let's go ! 	Man , they take a lot of our paycheck . 
 It seems to me like I may have caught a bug . 	Hello , I need to get a cab . 
 I will . 	Joe , can you squeeze me in sometime today ? 
 OK , here is your permit ; enjoy the next semester . 	We really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? 
 I think you're right . There needs to be an international response to this problem ? 	Can I help you ? 
 I am sorry , ma ’ am . Our general manager is not in town . But I ’ d be more than glad to get you our assistant manager , if you like . But I am afraid that he will say the same thing . We have very clear instructions about valuables and we must follow them . And now if you will excuse me , I'll go and find our assistant manager for you . 	Excuse me . Does this hotel have a fitness facility ? 
 Always be honest with your answers . The interviewers really do want to know if you will be a good fit for them . 	You seem to be very hesitant about doing things . 
 Bye ! 	Today , you need to pay 20 RIB in handling fees . 
 Thank you . 	It's too hot to read . 
 Thanks . 	The time has come to say goodbye . 
 my pleasure , and have a good time ! 	I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! 
 Yeah , we had a great time . And we're going to go there again next week ! 	You know Iden , I don ’ t know much about you . Where were you born ? 
 Thank you . 	Now that you'recommending such enormous fees , producers , directors , movie-makers must see you in a completely different light . 
 Of course . 	Oh , dear ! which dress should I choose ? I can't make up my mind . Please help me . 
 You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first . 	How are you ? 
 Oh , lots of things . Mostly training new people . 	Good morning . Thank you for the interview . 
 She is a young man ! 	I'd have a look at some pots and pans . 
 I have a feeling they're about to go down in a few days . 	May I take the liberty to introduce myself to you ? My name is Dick Brown . I am the sales manager of our company . 
 Hmm . ' You ’ Ve got mail . ' 	Where are you going this weekend ? 
 That ’ s the way to go . 	Do you like playing tennis ? 
 I hate to disappoint you , but unlike what most people think , we aren't all exactly the same ! 	What can I do for you today ? 
 Yes . 	Excuse me . May I see Mrs . Smith ? 
 See you . 	Can I help you ? 
 You've got it , sir . 	The tea smells good . What tea is it ? 
 Not always , she's rather busy at the end of the year . 	Where did you go yesterday ? 
 Maybe you have two choices . You could attend school during the day , or you could get a position that provides training . 	Where are you going for your trip ? 
 Ah , it ’ s hard to say . 	Could you explain the paper-making process to us - in very simple terms - please ? 
 A new car for a start . 	Hi , Tony . Haven ’ t seen you for a long time . How have you been ? 
 I see . 	Do you object to drinking black tea , Mr.Zhang ? 
 Yeah , it reminds you why they say baseball is America ’ s favorite pastime . 	Where do you live ? 
 Thank you . 	When he told me I had to work overtime , that was it . 
 Mr . : I'll drop by later to check on you . 	Can I take your order ? 
 Slacker and those who violate working procedures and ignoring deadlines . 	Hey , buddy . Are the fish biting today ? 
 Gee , I'm sorry . I don't watch TV . 	Where are you going this weekend ? 
 He didn't make any effort . His aunt died and left him a fortune . 	I am having some plumbing problems and need them fixed . 
 I ’ m on it ! 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 I know your feeling . Take it easy . 	Do you like the Harry potter books and movies ? 
 Ok . I'll keep my promise . 	Hi , Steven , take a seat ! How are things at work ? 
 Yes , if we're busy . I'm paid double-time if I work at weekends . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 What ever you say ? 	How can you keep in touch with your aunt in America ? 
 Yeah , sometimes . 	Do you like to dance ? 
 These are from Guatemala , but we're going to start getting mangoes from India . 	I'd like to rent a car for several days . 
 The buck stops here . 	Do you like watching TV ? 
 Well , it really depends . Because you are a tourist , it might be harder for you to get really good prices . 	How's your new job going ? 
 Just make sure children don ’ t play in the flower beds and destroy the flowers . 	Please take a seat . 
 Not at all , but you get what you pay for . 	Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday.Aren ' t they ready ? 
 At 2 thirty . 	What should you do if you find out a man may has an illegal departure in exit control point ? 
 That's good to know , because I do travel quite frequently . 	the James ’ s file , Christine ? 
 I think our son was trying to pull a fast one on us . 	Excuse me , I've been waiting here for 10 minutes . Do you know how often does No . 636 run ? 
 Two small boxes . 	Please come in ! 
 You are so paranoid ! Not everybody is a crook , you know . 	Do you drive a car yourself ? 
 Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week . 	911 emergency . What is the problem ? 
 Well , thanks . I will come again this afternoon , then . 	Welcome , what would you like to order ? 
 Yes , I will . Thanks for your care . 	Which season do you like best ? 
 OK ! You're all set ! Come back with me to your seat , and Eva will be right with you . 	Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . 
 you're right . I probably should just work on my paper . Thanks ! 	Excuse me , is there a department store near here ? 
 I guess so . Better to find out now than after you're married , when it's harder to get out . 	Hey Mark . What are you doing ? 
 You are deadly right . 	I don't know how to deal with Jack . He is indeed a trouble maker . He has loused up my business several times . 
 That ’ s great . I'd love to . 	Thank you for your letter . 
 It's about time . 	I couldn't look at you , and say you aren't beautiful ! 
 I guess cooking is not as easy as I thought . 	I ’ m so surprised to meet you in this remote village . Long time no see . 
 Okay , Mr . Horn , see you tomorrow at 10:30 . 	Howdy ! Nice car ! What seems to be the problem ? 
 Me too , they're such a nice couple . 	What a wonderful sight ! 
 I ’ ll get to work on it right away . Anything else ? 	Wow ! What's the hold up ? 
 Thanks for the warning ! See you tomorrow ! 	Excuse me ! 
 You ? You are full of hot air . 	Alright everyone settle down . Let ’ s get started.As you know , an important aspect of becoming a good citizen is understanding the genesis of our legal system . It is not enough to simply memorize our laws , it is necessary that we comprehend why and how they were formed . This brings me to our topic for today . Does anyone know what we celebrate on May first ? 
 Surely of course . Give me your card please . 	Would you do me a favor ? 
 Thanks doctor . I ’ ll get these immediately . Goodbye . 	Do you like chocolates ? 
 wait ! ! I need your address ! 	Good morning , Jim ! 
 I think so . But can I try another one ? I don't like the color . 	Tom , I've got good news for you . 
 Yeah , at least . 	It's an ugly day today . 
 Hmm , I ’ ll pass . Hopefully I can find a decent place that won ’ t cost a fortune . 	Good afternoon , anything I can do for you ? 
 The neighboring country is threatening their sovereignty with its nuclear bombs . 	Is there any meat ? 
 Oh dear . Well , if it has to be done , then it has to be done . 	I think Andy's party will be fun . 
 Ok , Miss . I hope you enjoy the rest of your dinner . 	Excuse me . Do you know how to get to the mall ? 
 I will . 	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ? 
 You are very welcome . 	I've got to go home and study . 
 But we have a date tonight ! You can't stay at home because of a stupid horoscope . 	OK , Hello ! 
 Of course . They will be used at anytime before or during flight . 	I went out with Leo last night . It was really exciting . 
 Thank you , and have a great day . 	So , what's on the menu for dinner tonight ? 
 Nice to see you , too , Steven . Goodbye . 	Excuse me.Does this train go to Brooklyn ? 
 Knock yourself out . 	How about going swimming ? 
 That's right , I have to work . 	Would you like to go sightseeing tomorrow ? 
 I'll go myself then . 	How did I do ? 
 I work for the Bank of China , in the International Section . 	My brother joined the army last year . 
 OK , but please hurry . I think the restaurant is closing soon . 	Hi Michael . 
 You're welcome.Bye . 	Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? 
 that'd be great ! I know he'd appreciate your help . 	Do you think we should travel by bus or by train ? 
 Ok . Thank you . 	Tell me why you saw the movie twice . 
 But the freight cost will be higher and that will affect the retail price . 	Is there any way you can cut us a better deal on your wholesale price for this order ? 
 Sure . 	It's Mrs Bardot , isn't it ? 
 I don't think you'll be disappointed . People really seem to like the swim stations . 	Long time no see ! 
 No . Just bring yourself . 	Mrs . Lee , I ’ Ve stayed here for almost a week . And I really must leave tomorrow . 
 Bye ! 	How do you do , Prof.Smith . 
 Maybe you are right . 	This is my house.Let me show you around it . 
 I bet I can go one hour in your class this morning and not feel a thing . 	Mom , I didn ’ t have breast . I could eat a horse . 
 I can't see it . 	Have the aerobic classes any effect on you ? 
 That's quite good . Thank you for telling me about those . 	I'm really glad that you came to see me . 
 Thank you very much . 	I suppose you like cinematography and costumes and that sort of stuff ? 
 Let me have a look at the pamphlet . 	You ’ re free to go . 
 Very smart ! 	Oath , I think I broke my leg . 
 Twenty . 	You shouldn't let the dirty dishes accumulate in the sink ! 
 Yes , sir . 	OK , I just want to brief you all on the travel market in Taiwan . To start with , generally speaking , the travel industry in Taiwan focuses mainly on tours . This segment of the industry is well developed . 
 I think if everyone pitches in , the world will be a better place . 	Good morning Mike ! 
 Thanks , Mary . You ’ re a real pal . I ’ ll call now to set up an interview . 	Excuse me . Will you please keep an eye on my suitcase ? I just want to make a phone call . 
 Good idea . 	Our neighbour ’ s tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . I ’ Ve made up my mind to cut the electricity off . 
 Most of them in this store are from Mexico . 	Did you see that ? 
 How could have the heart to do that ? She needs warmth and help . 	You don't look well at all . Are you sick ? 
 Yes . The school has provided me with full scholarship and that will be enough to support myself . 	My car has broken down . Could someone come right away and check it ? 
 I see . OK . 	Do you believe in UFO's ? 
 If you want to cross here , be my guest . I don't feel like dodging cars and scooters ! 	Management is going through a big turnover these days . With Bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about 1/3 of our managerial staff . They've been dropping like flies ... 
 Oh . Well , it can't be helped . 	You are late . 
 Oops ! It's the landlord . I guess the tables have turned now . We're the noisy neighbors . Turn it down ! 	I love the peaceful life in Canada . 
 You're welcome , Goodbye ! 	What's this then ? 
 Well , we accept your suggestion . 	Hello , Fred . What are you doing ? 
 It doesn't seem quite interesting . Would you change the channel ? 	Let's go ! 
 Yes , it is . 	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere . 
 I think you will find I am worth it . 	You ’ re going to set up your own law office , aren ’ t you ? 
 Yes , I would . Thanks a lot . 	Hello , Jack.It ' s good of you to come . 
 Oh good , come in , please . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . What can I help you with , Sir ? 
 It barks all night long . 	Can I give you a lift home , Mrs . Word ? 
 That's what will keep you from being thirsty . 	Good morning , sir . Welcome to Flower Hotel . 
 This is a pity ! 	Mike ! Look at the floor ! 
 That's good thinking . 	How can I travel by air ? 
 You can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card . 	Here you are . How is Danny ? 
 He must have been in bad company , or he wouldn ’ t be off the beans . 	Do you think Tom will be elected president ? 
 Yes , it almost looks new . 	Just make yourself at home . 
 You'd better have it fixed . 	I'll never ever work together with him ! 
 OK . 	Good morning , Miss Wang . How beautiful you look today ! 
 You are very optimistic ! 	do you have any plans for tomorrow night ? 
 It's a piano recital . I'm fond of piano , you know . 	Do you have the five dollars I lent you yesterday ? 
 I ’ d love to but I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve already got a lunch engagement . 	Welcome to Bill ’ s Fabric World . What can I do for you today ? 
 That may be so , but reading them is an important way to expand your knowledge . 	Hello . Can I help you ? 
 OK . Let's go . 	Hello . Can I sit here ? 
 I remember Mom going with a lot of pepper for the meat . 	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? 
 Not yet . 	Let's take a break . 
 How lovely it is ! 	I need to find a new furniture set for my living room . 
 You should go to talk with May . She is a big fan of them too . 	How about a movie tonight ? 
 Don't get drunk . 	I'm sorry for being late . 
 Of course ! 	Well , good morning , Tom . I haven't seen you for a long time . 
 Don't bother . 	Dad , I ’ d like to borrow some money . 
 It spoiled my painting ! 	Hello ! 
 Yes , some . But be aware that different people may like different scents . 	Hey , Jack ! Is Jenny coming with us ? 
 Well , when you tell him , be gentle . It ’ s hard for kids to find out something like that . 	Not a single email until now ? it's already twelve o'clock . I can't believe it ! 
 You idiot ! Don ’ t say that ! Do you want this job , or not ? 	Why didn't you go to school yesterday ? 
 we'll pick you up at your place at noon . Be there or be square ! 	Have you heard about John ’ s obscene words towards the manager ? 
 bye . 	How do you like you dishes today ? 
 OK . Let's go . 	I can't seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard I try and I have been here for 2 years already ! 
 I have no trouble communicating with native English Speaker . I even taught spoken English in a training school . 	That looks like an interesting book . 
 You ’ d better tidy up the room now , or you ’ ll get your mum ’ s back up . 	I am sorry , but I can't stay until the end of class . 
 You are right . 	Good afternoon , sir . May I help you ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ? 
 That's more reasonable . I'll take this one . 	Anna , that outfit looks wonderful on you ! The color goes with your trousers perfectly . 
 $ 40 per night . 	Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? 
 Thank you for you help . 	Does he know that he has already at his wits ' end ? 
 I almost forget . 	Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ? 
 Please drive slowly , we've got lots of time . Safety first . 	What can I help you with ? 
 Thank you , would you hang up and wait ? 	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day . 
 Crazy ! 	Hello ? Is this the Maintenance Department ? 
 You will be fined $ 25 . 	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet ! 
 Sure ... but it's probably better for the workers , because the union's whole purpose is to look out for the little guys . The only way that the little guys can take on the big bosses is if they unite . Labor unions are all about getting a voice for the underdog . 	Hello , Mr . Smith , Wang Peng speaks . 
 You won't be disappointed . 	Mr . Smith just called me back . 
 Wow , that would be something to look forward to . 	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working . 
 Thanks . 	Did you hear what she said to me ? 
 I'm sorry . 	That'll be 12 dollars and 95 cents , please . 
 Thanks for stopping by ! 	I think he deserved his gold . 
 Thanks so much . 	: How are you , Mr . Ding ? I ’ m John Brown . 
 You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You'll do great ! 	I am very interested in a new apartment near the Taxing Plaza , but the price is very high , I really can't afford it . 
 Thanks , goodbye . 	I would like to order a waistcoat . 
 The counselors were so nice too . It was the best summer ever . Except for all those mosquitoes ! 	Mumm . Those burgers smell great . It's perfect day for a barbecue . 
 Certainly . 	I'd better be going . 
 I ’ m afraid not , Bob . One of the major volcanoes in Mexico has erupted , causing major floods and landslides in the region . Meanwhile , Mexico ’ s coast has been hit by hurricane Liliana and officials say that all the seismic activity leads them to believe that a tsunami may hit Central America , affecting Honduras , Guatemala and Panama . That ’ s all the news we have for today , but stay tuned for updates on the six o ’ clock news . Back to you Bob . 	What would you like to drink ? 
 Good for you , Leslie ! 	Our new production control program's going live on Monday . The old and the new programs will operate in tandem for four to six weeks . That should give us time to iron out any little problems . 
 Certainly . Come back soon . 	How long have we had the A3 printer in the sales department ? 
 OK , sir . Do you want some soups ? 	What do you think a job is ? 
 Well , we hit it off with each other . Nothing more , nothing much . 	I see by your resume that you have just graduated from college . I assume you haven't had any working experience . Is that right ? 
 Goodbye , then . Thanks again for everything . 	I have a little problem with room 507 . 
 Anything is worth a try . But right now I really just want to find a quiet place to take a nap . 	I ’ d better be going . 
 I would like my margarita with no salt , thank you . 	what kind of music do you like listening to ? 
 ( XXXXXXXXXX ) OK ( XXXXXXXXXX ) . 	My friend Jane is very beautiful . 
 How did you get it ? 	What a surprise meeting you here , Landy . 
 OK . 	Are you okay , man ? You don ’ t look very well . 
 Just a minute . Here's your change . 	Sandra is actually blue chipper . I don't think she could realize that she has married a fool for women . 
 That suits me fine . 	Hey , sorry to be late . 
 Great ! Let's make a reservation . 	I am looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country . 
 Thank you.You ' re so considerate . 	May I take your order now ? 
 I think one needs common knowledge , specific knowledge , and professional codes to be a successful translator . 	Excuse me , where is the nearest gas station ? 
 Right , I'll be right over . 	Mike , did you win the lottery or something ? Why the big smile ? 
 Thank you . He ’ s very lucky indeed . 	I have a terrible toothache . 
 We will pay by collect on delivery . 	Hey honey , how was your day ? 
 Ah ... very well , sir . I'll have them delivered this afternoon . 	After this lunch , I haven ’ t got much green left . 
 That kind of advertising seems to be very common with brand name products . They are always trying to maintain brand loyalty . 	What kind of insurance could the company provide for its employees ? 
 OK . Please fill in the form first . 	Has your son started school yet , Tom ? 
 sounds good . I'll see you then ! 	How may I help you ? 
 Well , it won't last long . 	What did you say ? 
 Oh , I see , sir . We have the airline office inside the hotel . They have an English-speaking staff . Just dial 35 , please . 	Are you familiar with the office management ? 
 Of course not , I have to watch my American Idol . 	Hello ? This is Steven . I'd like to speak to Mr . Brown , please . 
 I am sorry , it's out of stock right now . 	It's a fine day today , isn't it ? 
 I'd like to . See you then . 	Can I help you ? 
 Do you think so ? I don't like it very much . I found it rather uncomfortable . 	You seem to be in the seventh heaven . What's put you on ? 
 Oh , thank you.You are so sweet ! 	Look what you've done ! 
 You're very welcome . 	If I remember correctly , time of delivery is another point in which we differ . 
 alright . Get out your books and I'll help you prepare . 	Can I help you ? 
 Oh , I have got it . How nice are the singers singing ! 	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide . 
 Thank you . 	Hi , nice to hear from you , when does your plane leave ? 
 No kidding . We've got to come up with two completely different sales pitches to suit the needs of each groups . 	How are you , Sue ? 
 Yes . I love facing danger and overcoming it . It has become part of my life . 	Come back . You haven't paid yet . 
 Got it . 	Good morning golf aficionados ! My name is Rick Fields , and you guessed it , I am here with my main man , Bob Copeland . 
 Oh , it does ? 	Hello , Green Trading Company . What can I do for you ? 
 Check with somebody from the IT department . They are anyway in charge of the office electronic equipment . 	Finance , Angie speaking . 
 I could have stayed in bed for another half hour . 	Yes , Mr . Emory ? 
 You wouldn ’ t dare do that ! 	I am afraid the label is not quite suitable for this locality . Could you quote us for the order with neutral cases ? 
 Are you serious ? You always blow things out of proportion . In any case , I think I ’ ll go take an oatmeal bath . 	Can I have the window seat over there ? 
 Please trust me . I will finish it very well . 	Jenny , I was wondering if you , um ... are you busy this Friday ? 
 I'm afraid I'll be late . 	I'm going on a guided tour in the mountain . 
 In that case , we'll take an order of onion rings with our first choice . 	Pardon me . Does your hotel have a fitness facility ? 
 Maybe there's something wrong with the program . 	Can I get you any dessert ? 
 Ok , I will . 	When will the campus recruitment of L'Oreal being this year ? 
 I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance . 	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? 
 Yes , I agree with you . 	Welcome to Flash Foot . What can I do for you , ma'am ? 
 OK . Thank you very much . 	Hi . I need more amenities , please . 
 Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Young Writer's Collection . 	Do you know that Mary an Ben have already separated ? 
 I feel they're dirty . 	Here , Let me get the door for you . 
 All right . I think I'll take it . 	Can I also take the MET to get there ? 
 Not at all , I was totally in the dark . 	Where shall we go on vacation this summer ? 
 Certainly . You will also be receiving a 50 % discount as our way of apologizing for the inconvenience . 	Alison , would you like to have some more ? 
 I understand , Ms . Fairbanks . 	The government is going to organize a folk-custom activity at the end of the month . And our community is supposed to put on a performance . 
 Thanks . 	Excuse me Miss , my friend is sick . 
 Thank you , Mr . Smith . 	Here ’ s a letter for you . 
 That's good to know . Thanks . 	How do I look ? I love these braids . They're fun ! 
 Maybe you'll only feel that way on Father's Day . 	You want to go with him ? 
 All right . 	It's wonderful to be in the mountains after a hustle bustle week . 
 You know our boss always trying to save the last penny . We have to use up the equipment first . 	Owl ! I've twisted my ankle . I slipped on that greasy patch over there . I don't think it's broken but it really hurts . 
 Absolutely . Thanks for coming Rebecca . Goodbye . 	I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . 
 No problem . 	Good morning , can I see your passport , please ? 
 Yes , therefore they are expanding the scope of their service . For example , hotels can be booked through the same site as well . 	Hello , is that Miss Lan ? This is Nina with Huawei Corp . 
 Oh I ’ m sorry . I think I ’ ll call later . Thank you . 	Fred , can you tell me how I can open my QQ Zone ? 
 This is sure to be a worthwhile read . 	Did you need help with something ? 
 Good preparation will improve the effectiveness of the meeting . I am sure that your hard work will pay off . 	Well , I ’ m glad I had a chance to see these samples , but I ’ m really not in a position to make a decision right now . 
 You want to wait for the next bus ? 	Don ’ t throw your weight around . I can ’ t bear you any more . 
 Point taken . Hopefully one day , we'll live in an interplanetary society . 	We'd like to welcome everyone to the Michelson Tools factory site , and thank everyone for being here today . My name is Paul Shafer , I'll be showing you around today . Please feel free to ask questions at any point during our tour , I'll be happy to answer questions for you . 
 I don ’ t try to go ahead of people and lead them , I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody else and get the job done by working together . 	I am totally fed up with my boss . He has crossed the line one too many times with his sexist comments . This time I am really going to report him for sexual harassment . 
 Coffee , only black coffee , 	You did well on the math test . 
 OK , wait a moment please . 	Why do you want to go to the U . S . ? 
 Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here . 	hello , Deva , how are you ? 
 Thank you . 	Canton Hotel . 
 The only thing you should do now is relax . You already are pre-qualified for your loan . 	Good afternoon . How can I help you ? 
 That's a problem . He has sort of Dutch courage and that will egg him on in doing anything . 	Welcome to Bill ’ s Fabric World . What can I do for you today ? 
 Please do . 	Is this taxi taken ? 
 No , not yet . But Susan says they ’ d like to get married in November or December . Then they ’ ll go to Hawaii for their honeymoon . 	I saw your car outside , so I stooped by . 
 You're welcome . 	Good afternoon , sir . Would you like a tea ? 
 Come on , Brenda ! Never say die . 	You're looking great . 
 See you later . 	Good afternoon , miss , can I help you ? 
 You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different . 	There's a typhoon coming . 
 Yes , great . I am happy you are coming . 	I made a reservation earlier this week , but I have to cancel it . 
 Yes , I can remember it very well that there used to be all sorts of animals and birds . But nowadays you just don't see the birds that you used to see around here . 	Shall I take a photo of you ? 
 That ’ s my middle finger , Nick . This is my ring finger ! 	Where are you going ? 
 Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please ! 	Here is the document you asked for this morning . 
 Ready ? Say cheese . 	Do you have any hobbies ? 
 You're not the only one with a lot to do . We are all in the same boat . 	I can't stand being with you any more . I'm sick of your drinking . 
 Here it is . Have you got the advice slip with you ? You have sufficient funds in the account , so we can go ahead . 	Would you please explain for me what a business contract implies ? 
 Yeah , there are many English signs , and wrong spellings as many as them . 	Good morning . Can I help you ? 
 Shandong . 	There are so many flavors of ice cream to choose from ! 
 OK . I will . 	Could you tell me the time ? 
 What a thrilling trip ! 	The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you ? 
 I'll think about it after I start feeling better . Right now , I don't even want to hear the word snowboarding . 	How much do I have to pay ? 
 Thank you . 	How do you think the report I wrote ? 
 Sounds not bad ! Better performance isn ’ t just about doing a lot more . It is about focusing on the right things to do . 	We can offer you a 5 % discount . 
 $ 40 per night . 	What's your favorite book ? 
 Even if they break down , they're still works of art . 	Have you decided on something ? 
 All right . 	I'm glad you're on your ten-year reunion planning committee . 
 I admire you . Good luck ! 	Could you please help me to check out the book ? 
 John Smith . J-O-H-N S-M-I-T-H . 	You look tired . 
 OK , here you are . 	Would you like a piece of birthday cake ? 
 Run ! They are thirsty for more ! 	Could you show me what you've got ? 
 People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity . 	I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door . 
 I bet it's May 5th . 	May I help you ? 
 Let me repeat that 626-555-1739 . Okay , sir , we look forward to seeing you in April ! 	Would you mind if I ask some personal questions ? 
 Bye . 	Do you know who that tall man is ? 
 Well , the best thing to do is to go down to the front desk and ask for a duplicate key . 	Thank you for agreeing to come in and meet with us today . 
 I think just 3,000 RIB will be enough . 	Northward Airlines . Can I help you ? 
 Oh , I was just thinking about getting a bite to eat . Have you had lunch yet ? 	Remember that writing contest I entered ? Well , I won first prize . 
 You can send a compressed one . 	How many foreign languages can you speak ? 
 Thanks . I ’ ll be sitting over there . 	How do you put this seat back ? I know there is a lever somewhere . 
 OK . 	Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' . 
 Okay . Say when . 	Hi , Kate . 
 No problem , come on . 	Why are you shivering ? 
 I know what you mean , but I'd better remind them again , and also remind them to repair the button in the elevator for the disabled people . That has brought the disabled people lots of inconvenience . 	Earning extra income on the Internet is easier than you might think . After I started selling traditional craft items on the Internet last year , I have really been able to make bank doing something I love . 
 That ’ s okay , I ’ ll take the stairs ! 	Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier . 
 OK . I understand . Thank you . 	Now , Mr.William , a little personal information first , are you married ? 
 He is so humorous . 	Hi , I need to talk with the property manager right away ! 
 How much ? Last week I save $ 10 on food . 	What kind of qualities should a secretary have ? 
 I thought you'd never ask . The lawn needs to be mowed and the garage deserves to be cleaned . 	How silly of you to jump out of the window ! 
 OK . Just think for a bit . I'll go help another customer . I'll be right back . 	Hey , Benjamin , have you finished your report on the project ? 
 Thanks for saying so . 	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names . 
 Not yet . 	John ! Wait a second ! I was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . You want to come ? I ’ Ve got some good news ! 
 Hopefully , I'll make it to the next one . 	May I help you ? 
 I have a flashlight in my closet . If you want to use that to read , you can . 	Good Morning . What can I do for you ? 
 See you . 	I'm sorry to trouble you but there is a lot of noise in next room . 
 Yes , of course.The dressing room is over there . 	You owe $ 36.78 . 
 all cleaned up . Are you ready to start on the washing up . 	I ’ m going to the beauty parlor . Do you want to come too ? 
 We should take a packed lunch on the journey.The food they sell on the trains is always expensive . 	You see , the bungee participants take a deep breath when they stand at the starting spot and then , like diving , their heads are over heels and they jump off into the realm of the combination of heaven and earth The wind roars at their ears and their bodies rapidly descend . They do not even have enough time to do several gymnastic movements and they are rebounded to the upper air by the cord . 
 If you discover a small fire , you can try to put it out with a fire extinguisher but only do this if you have been trained . Make sure you use the right extinguisher . They are all colour-coded and contain different substances to put out the fire . 	What are you typing there ? 
 Thank you so much . 	What seems to be the problem , kid ? 
 Definitely . I ’ m really sorry ! 	I'm going to Bihai Park.Is this the right bus , please ? 
 Well , I approach things very enthusiastically , I think , and I don't like to leave something half-done . It makes me nervous-I can't concentrate on something else until the first thing is finished . 	Excuse me . What time does the next train to London leave ? 
 I ’ m sure you will . 	Good afternoon.British Airline.Is there any thing I can do for you ? 
 Thank you . 	I think that the company retreat should be in the mountains this year . 
 I cannot belive that . It must be cooked up by someone . 	Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . 
 Bye . 	How much does it cost to hire a motorbike ? 
 Thank you ! 	Excuse me , Alex ? 
 Okay ... end of the first quarter ... Alright , I ’ m gonna make a beer run . 	Do you know where I can park ? 
 I forgot to bring it , but maybe Mary has some . Let's go and ask her . 	Can we talk ? 
 Around 3:30 . 	So your mom can stop nagging you now . 
 Well , I'm not sure of his name , but I know it's going to be his farewell performance . 	Here's your roast chicken , ma'am . 
 You know , speaking in class is a very good chance to put your English to practical use . 	Tim ’ s smiles are interesting . 
 This is a first ! You must have won the lottery . 	Have you taken your temperature ? 
 That will be great . 	Can I help you ? 
 Normally it can be completed in four years . 	Hi , Anna . I haven ’ t seen you for ages . Where have you been ? 
 It's my pleasure . 	Which language do you speak ? 
 Pleased to meet you too , Ms Jenson . 	Mom , Happy mother's Day ! Here's my card . 
 Wait a moment . 	What ? 
 I have to find something.Otherwise I have to go back to Taiwan . I'll be broke in two months . 	Do you have a light ? 
 You're welcome . 	Oh , what a pleasant surprise ! Don't you remember me ? 
 Will you fill out this form , please ? 	What are you doing there with your mobile phone ? 
 Let's go quickly . 	What did the boss say to you ? 
 Thank you . 	What are your hobbies ? 
 See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ’ t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter . 	So , you finally got your doctorate in genetics . Well done ! 
 In a word , any impolite behavior should be avoided in the listening . 	Look , Forest Gump is on at six thirty . 
 Gladly , 8962105 2 . 	Do you see that small white car over there ? It ’ s Tom ’ s new car . 
 It's not like him to be late . 	Do you want some dessert ? 
 Well , thank you very much , I hope I can find it . 	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ? 
 That ’ s right . 	Well , I can ’ t believe your uncle and aunt came to stay with us for a week , and they did not even call us in advance . 
 I don't blame you , sir . Two dollars is a lot of money . 	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ? 
 Sure . Here you are . 	I came in response to your advertisement for a salesperson . 
 Sure . I've got a copy here . It's due for renewal at the end of next month . We've still got time to look for another supplier if you're not happy . 	Tom , you're my good friend , right ? 
 Let me see . I am sorry . ZW203 is the only one to New York . 	Did you vote yesterday ? 
 Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars . 	How about your study at college ? 
 Oh , then it'll be one dollar twenty five cents . Thank you . 	Shall we discuss the packing ? You know , a well-designed package helps sell the goods , so the products must not only be superior in quality , but also attractive in appearance . I'd like to see the sample of packing . 
 Bye . 	Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ? 
 I'll put the song at the front of the list . 	Excuse me ? Is this where I register ? I ’ d like to sign up for my courses for next semester . 
 That's wonderful ! Icing on the cake . 	Hello , can I help you ? 
 Peter , if you don't turn off your computer , then I won't allow you to play it again starting next week . 	You look upset.What ' s wrong ? 
 I will see you tomorrow . 	You seem to have all the jitters about Jane . 
 You're welcome . Have a nice day ! 	Now the coals are just right . I can start grilling . 
 Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis . 	I'm very worried , doctor . I'm afraid that I'm very ill . 
 That's the point . Love among human beings is not limited by geography . 	Man , that sunset is beautiful . I ’ Ve never seen one so red . 
 Thank you very much . 	Could you please reserve a taxi for me ? 
 Thank you . The same to you . 	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ? 
 No , sir . You can sit where you like . 	What is your understanding of a job ? 
 Goodbye . 	Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ? 
 Well , I hope you have a wonderful time on your library visits ! 	Shall we for go out for a meal this evening ? 
 Thanks for your concern . 	My wife gave birth to our first child today . 
 Both the green tea and the black tea are good for our health . And I usually refresh myself with a cup of tea . 	Does it look too small ? 
 Bye , my boy . 	B , what's in your hand ? 
 Great . Thank you very much . 	Everything's gone wrong . 
 Then please give me a cup of coffee . 	What would you have ? 
 Good . 	I need to find a bus that'll take me to the Gold Line . 
 OK , I'll go to your office at that time . 	Hi , what're you reading ? 
 I think , as the saying goes as the saying goes haste makes waste , it is the same thing with marriage . 	I'm calling about you appointment.Mr.Smith has to cancel all his appointments because he's got something urgent to attend to . 
 Cool . Thanks . 	Hello , is John in ? 
 Thanks lot . 	what a nice uniform ! 
 So so . 	Dad , I've finished my homework . 
 I know doctor , thank you so much . 	I just got a letter from an old high school buddy . 
 I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision . 	Hi ! Wang Mei.Come and have a look at my new dress . 
 You are welcome . 	... Now , that's all I want to say about world coal reserves . So let's move on to the next topic , renewable resources . There are three things we have to consider when talking about renewable resources . First , sustainability ; second , marketability ; lastly , the reality factor . Let's talk about each point in more detail ... John , would you like to take it from here ? 
 It surely is . 	You ’ re all set now ? 
 I'm not going to tell her . She will find out and understand when she grows older . 	Did you watch the finale last night ? My favorite singer won ! 
 Thanks . 	Do you know a bus that goes to the Gold Line station ? 
 There are plenty of rugby fans in my country too . 	Yes . Of my mother standing in the kitchen and me doing my homework before school ... 
 As you can see from the statements for my Current Account , I have never been overdrawn . I'm always very careful about that . 	OK . Do you want a trim , or do you want to get your hair done ? 
 It's OK now . Don't worry , John . 	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ? 
 Then you call me or Tom first . 	I like this kind of weather . 
 Thank you . 	What do you like to do with your free time ? 
 Yes , I banged it against to cooker yesterday . It really hurt , but it ’ s OK now . the bruise will disappear soon . 	Is there a lot of snow in this region at this time of the year ? 
 Really ? But it's my favorite . 	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York . 
 Definitely not , sir . 	Lisa wins the first prize in the English speech contest of her college . 
 By plane . 	Do you have any idea what time it is ? 
 All right . We'll have some seafood and vegetables . 	Most of our customers are foreigners . How many foreign languages can you speak , Elizabeth ? 
 It would largely depend on the size of the order and the items you want . 	I have redecorated my bedroom . I decide to repaint the walls and change the pictures . I also bought a new pair of curtains . What do you think of it ? 
 What an amazing goal ! 	May I help you ? 
 Thank you for all your help . 	It seems that many boys are fighting there . 
 Yes . That's what we want . 	Hello , Jack ! Fancy meeting you here ! 
 Come on . I stand behind you . 	Good morning . I ’ m from the new york book review . Could I ask you some question about your latest book ? 
 No . Thanks for reminding me . 	What's that book you have under your arm ? 
 Certainly . 	hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday . 
 Oh , no wonder you're so respectful to her . 	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . 
 Can't hurt to try . Carpe diem . Who can say if we'll be here tomorrow or not ? 	I am going on my first date tonight . Can you give me some suggestions about what to wear ? 
 I guess it is . The restaurant is on the second floor . Please enjoy your dinner , sir ! 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 I'm on your side . It needs to be done over . 	I need to get my high speed internet installed . 
 That's fine . All you need to do is fill in this form and state the amendment . 	Hi , good to see you . What can we assist you with today ? Going away on business again ? 
 Really ? I will try again . 	Excuse me , Bill ? 
 They are behind the door . 	Would you please bring us a menu ? 
 Thanks . This shipment is so important to us there cannot be any foul-ups . 	Are you sure you know where this bus goes ? 
 I know I was an idiot , But if there is anything I can do to make up , Please do tell me . 	I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start ? 
 Yes , I agree . 	I think we should do the floors before we work on the curtains and walls . 
 You'd better . 	I ’ m hungry , let ’ s go grab a bite to eat . 
 I ’ m so sorry to hear that . 	Woo hoo ! This just might be the start of the rest of my life ! 
 Hamburger Heaven . 	You ’ re new here , right ? 
 That'd be great ! Thank you . 	Are you interested in mountaineering ? 
 Actually , I haven ’ t been to the states but I have been to Canada . 	Okay , let's begin . Hello , everyone . My name's Karl Roberts , and I'll be your teacher for this class , Intercultural Communication . 
 OK.Now you can pick your fabric and pattern design . Please follow me . 	What schools have you attended ? 
 Yes , I have studied in an English training program and a computer training program since I graduated from university . I am currently studying Finance at a training school . 	Do you mind if I ask you a question ? If it ’ s too personal you can forget it . 
 You must be joking ! 	My friend George has been to Switzerland twice . 
 Thank you very much . See you then . 	One thing I love our boss for is that he always knows when to give you a pay raise without being asked for . 
 That ’ s a pretty name . Give your wife my best ! 	Mum , pass me some more please ! 
 Seventy to sixty-seven . 	Jenny , what are you going to do tomorrow morning ? 
 Indeed . He's strict with himself , too . We can see every lecture of his is well-prepared . 	Why aren't you doing your homework ? 
 OK , here is your registration card . 	Hey ! I just bought one of those new Japanese cell phones ! It's loaded with extras . 
 Okay . I'll fax the itinerary to you immediately . 	Hi , Lucy . What are you going to do this weekend ? 
 Well , you know that this job center is here for your use , so help yourself . Good luck ! 	Hi , I'm John Sandals , and I have a reservation . 
 Congratulations ! You do have the right attitude . 	Are you ready to go the concert ? 
 I will . 	Sorry to bother you so early . There's another couple who wants to rent the apartment , but I thought I'd ask you first . 
 I like the apartment , Mr.Sellers . You can show me the lease . 	So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? 
 Yeah , definitely , tomorrow night . 	Passport , please , madam . 
 That's no problem . Could you please sign here ? Here's the 1,000 RIB in cash , your passport back , and the remaining balance has been deposited in your account . 	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ? 
 Well , hang in there . In twenty years , you ’ ll fell it was well worth it ! 	Mom , can we get cable TV or a satellite dish ? 
 My boss promised to pay me double time . 	How slowly you drive ! 
 You too . 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 It's Greek to me . 	Bring me some toast , please . 
 And don't ever forget it . 	Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ? 
 I ’ m going to make sure and vote . 	It ’ s really terrible ! 
 OK . Thank you very much for telling me all these things . 	You're right--Italian ! Ha ! Ha ! I was trying to trick you , but you didn't fall for it ! 
 Yes . We had a big talk with him , and he has really turned over a new leaf . 	I just got fired . 
 Oh ! yes 	You seem depressed these days . What's the matter ? 
 Because you're going to love this show ! 	Hello , Kith , can you and Alice come around this evening ? We prefer your coming . 
 Well , there ’ s a wildlife documentary on Tv in a few minutes . Shall we ? 	Excuse me . I lost my way . Could you tell me where the scholar cinema is , please ? 
 Thank you , Steven . I accept your advice . 	Hi ! Bob , are you having problems with that ? 
 I know . It's going to save me a lot of money , I hope . 	I'd like to return this radio . 
 You too.Bye . 	Do you think I could use your car tomorrow ? I ’ Ve got a date with this girl , see ? And ... 
 All right , all right . I am ready to go . Let's go ! 	Hey ! How was your first day of class ? I ’ m in level two and I ’ m loving my class this semester ! It ’ s great being in a class of international students ! 
 Maybe you are right , so I will try my best to find a suitable job . 	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . 
 Here you go . Don't do that again . 	What ’ s the matter , BOB ? 
 I am really looking forward to getting away from you . Far away from you ! 	Can you suggest a few exercise to help me get fit and stretch my muscles a little ? 
 I like almost all sports , and I enjoy both playing and watching . I especially like tennis and mountain climbing . I was in the climbing club all through school . 	May I take your order now , sir ? 
 You ’ re right . 	Oh , God . It ’ s late . I ’ m afraid I have to leave . 
 You can't be serious . 	I'll be seeing you around . 
 I voted for our next President . 	You ’ re home late today , David . How was school ? 
 I see.Thank you , doctor . 	Ms.Dawson , I need you to take a dictation for me . 
 I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway . 	Good morning . I ’ m looking for a one-bedroom apartment downtown . 
 Well , I was hoping you would do me a big favor . That was supposed to be a rush order , I forgot to tell you . I ’ m getting a lot of flak from my boss . 	Hey , Mary , what's up ? 
 Oh , in that case , sure ! Uh ... what are these long sock-looking things ? 	Thank you for your interest in this job . You'll be hearing from us . Send the next applicant in on your way out , please . 
 But most bosses are fools for woman . 	hi , Charlie ! What are you reading ? 
 I work at Yangshi Trade Company Ltd . I have been working there since 1997 . 	I'm pleased to meet you again , Mrs . King . 
 You're kidding ! 	There's a major problem with room 507 . 
 I laughed up my sleeves at him . He ’ s seen his girlfriend off at the airport and had lipstick on his face and did not know it . 	May I fix an appointment with Dr.Cui ? 
 Taylor Smith . But not me . The pallbearers are carrying out the casket . It would be rude to just leave . Let's follow . 	When I quarrel with my husband . He didn't even try to cool me out . 
 Crazy is too kind . Insane is more like it . Nuts ! Wacko ! Psycho ! 	What ’ s the matter , Sally ? You look so unhappy . 
 That sounds good . I'm going to order the same thing . 	Here comes the bus . 
 Certainly . 	Where to , ma'am ? 
 You could try using a spam filter to reject stuff that's obviously pornographic or anything else you don't want . 	I'd like to invite you for dinner tonight . Do you think you'll have time ? 
 Maybe so . 	Which university did you graduate from ? 
 Good night , sleep tight ; don ’ t let the bed bugs bite ! 	Hi , how are you ? 
 You are welcome ! 	How do I submit an expense report ? 
 Well , I will think it over . 	I don't think we can meet the delivery date you suggest . It's too soon . 
 Thank you for your interview with me . 	Good evening , I'm so happy you could come . 
 Yes , here it is . That's received and cleared , so it's available for withdrawal . 	Hello . May I speak to David ? 
 Yes , we do , madam . Thank you , madam . Here's our welcome brochure with all the information of our facilities . My name is Johnny . If you need any help at all , do let me know . I'm at your service . 	I want to have Mexican food for dinner . 
 Yes , that's possible . 	Didn't Joe feel it a shame to live on his parents since he has graduated from college ? 
 Thank you . 	Good afternoon , Mr . Yang . I'm Jill , Mr . Smith's secretary . Would you like to look around the factory first ? 
 Thank you . 	What did you say ? 
 Yes , here is the form for an expense report . Fill it out and give it to me . I ’ ll get it signed for you . 	Now that it ’ s the new year , I ’ Ve decided to turn over a new leaf . 
 Thanks , Jeanine , you are a real pal . Let's go in . 	Do you have a room available for this weekend ? 
 It should work , but let me know if it doesn't . 	What sort of shopping is nearby , Mr . Taylor ? 
 OK , here is your money . 	Excuse me for being late to work . 
 Sounds like you are really getting in shape ! 	Good morning . May I help you ? 
 excuse me while I go and get that . 	Hello , Hanson . Today I come to say goodbye to you , for I'm going back to London tomorrow . 
 Boy , this sure doesn't help us much . It could be anybody . How about his cloth ? What was he wearing ? 	Hi , Bob ! How are you doing ? 
 This is going to take more time than I thought . 	Are you busy tomorrow morning ? 
 Wow , so soon ! I'm going to miss you . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . How may we be of service ? 
 Oops ! 	Excuse me , sir . 
 Then it must be a naughty boy who did it . 	I've come to hear about your offer . 
 I really appreciate that . 	Welcome to Al ’ s Garage . What seems to be the problem ? 
 The same as usual . 	it ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home ! 
 Mmm , that sounds very interesting . 	We've been cramming for tomorrow's history exam since early this morning . What do you say we take a break and listen to some music , okay ? 
 A lot of younger people like to buy large packets of mixed frozen vegetables . Peas and sweet corn have been sold frozen in my country for many years . I prefer to buy fresh vegetables . 	Mark . Where have you been ? I ’ Ve been calling you all morning . 
 How about there ? 	Where to , madam ? 
 You are welcome . 	Good morning . How can I help you ? 
 That ’ s possible , but I ’ m not sure it would really happen like that . 	Is this the A housing office ? 
 Yeah , I'm in the office till 10 every night . I can't take it anymore . The pay just isn't worth it . 	Welcome back , Sir . I trust the materials were helpful to you ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll pay by card then . 	May I help you , sir ? 
 Thank you . 	I want to go to china for sight-seeing.What do you think of it , Mum ? 
 Just throw them away ! 	Excuse me , miss . I'm Bob . 
 OK , I completely understand . 	What did you get for lunch today ? 
 Hmm , you're right . 	Hey , Tom , what to go for a run ? 
 Right . I have lots of time to think carefully before I make my final decision . 	I would like to buy a ticket to New York please . 
 It is said that the sample 25 is the standard for others . It's complete . So would you like to sign the contract right now ? 	This is a nice place , but you need to get some furniture . 
 If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way . 	How did your interview go ? 
 Go ahead . It will be safe with me . 	Ms . : Do you have a question , Mary ? 
 Hey , I ’ m a pretty cool guy ; I ’ ll make friends . And I ’ ll have a lot of extra-curricular activities too . You know , like fencing or theater or something . 	Do you have any experience working with a computer ? 
 That'll be great . 	Good morning , mom . 
 You think so ? Let ’ s take a chance ! 	Did you get a nice tree ? 
 Here you are . Thank you 	He is so kind . I couldn ’ t believe he murdered his wife . 
 Well , they're trying to repair it , sir . But to tell you the truth , you need a new car . 	I know you have a son . How old is he ? 
 No problem . Have a good one . 	I really dislike reading academic books . 
 I didn ’ t pay attention to that . 	Where should I park ? 
 Don ’ t mention it . See you . 	Hello . This is Doctor Bell ’ s Office . Can I help you ? 
 I'm feeling a little under the weather . 	Welcome to our company . 
 That ’ s fabulous . Thank you . 	May I know how long will it take to get some more in from the factory ? 
 It seems all right . Do you have pantaloons ? 	What can I do for you , Ma'am ? 
 We will inform you as soon as possible . 	Excuse me , driver . Does this bus go to the museum ? 
 Credit card please . Here you are . 	Which of the steps are you focusing on in brandgrowth Awareness , understanding , acceptance , or loyalty ? 
 Thank you . 	Craig , what do you do for work ? 
 I don't mind if you want to . 	You're from New York , aren't you ? 
 So we can get down to business . 	How long have you been washing clothes here ? 
 That sounds great ! 	I hate working on Christmas Eve ! Whoa ! Get a load of this guy ! Come in central , I think we ’ Ve got ourselves a situation here . 
 Thats a clever way to escape responsibility . 	What's for dinner tonight ? 
 Yes , madam . 	I don't dare ask Jane for a date . 
 Yes , please . Thank you for everything . 	Good afternoon , Mr . Anderson . 
 see , now something good has happened to you on a bus trip ! 	Evan , are you busy right now ? 
 Enjoy your food ! Bye ! 	Jack ! Do you want to see a picture of my new puppy ? 
 Oh , how I wish this all wasn't happening ! 	morning , Mr . Montgomery . I ’ Ve been sent over from purchasing to fill in for Clare Williams . 
 No , I'm fine . Thank you . 	Can I help you ? 
 In a way , it ’ s similar to your experience of learning Chinese . Some Spanish words are very similar to English ones . But I need to practise listening to native speakers and saying the words myself . 	Look , the aliens are sending a message to Mulder . This rocks ! 
 I think we'll get along fine . 	Can you believe that Obama is our new President ? 
 Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ’ t like your way . 	Evan , are you busy right now ? 
 Yes . Take myself for example . I seldom go to cinemas , but it doesn't mean I no longer see films ; instead , I see films at home-watching Ccds . 	What do you think of the play showed last night ? 
 Oh , my dear sister , I am no longer a baby ! 	The teacher should give us more time to complete this assignment . 
 Well , I haven't got much either ! 	Housekeeping , may I come in ? 
 Oh , it's unbelievable ! 	Is that your phone ? 
 I'll have to write you a ticket and suspend your driver's license for 3 months . 	Would you care for a drink ? 
 Let ’ s take a few pictures so that we can remember what we like about this home . 	When were you born may I ask ? 
 I can hardly believe it . 	You honestly believe the world ’ s improving every year ? 
 I have no idea . To be honest , I couldn't care less . 	Dad , can you help me ? 
 Alright . 	Excuse me , can you tell me where I can take a taxi ? This is the first time I have been in England , so I don't know where I can do at all . 
 You drive a hard bargain ! OK , that's a deal . 	Are the expressions of sight draft , time draft , usance draft and letter of credit adequate terms to express the different methods of payment ? 
 You are always so hospitable . 	Did it take you a long time to quit smoking ? 
 Yes , he is . 	Tom , how do you think of second-hand goods ? 
 Sounds painful ! 	This is Action 5 News reporter Sarah O ’ Connell reporting live from Washington , D . C . where a protest has broken out . Thousands of angry citizens are protesting against the proposed bailout of the auto manufacturing industry ! Sir , sir , Sarah O ’ Connell , Action 5 news . Can you tell us what ’ s happening ? 
 Yes , the towel was named after its designer Gustave Eiffel . 	National Trust . 
 That ’ s all right for my department . I don ’ t know how the rest of you feel . 	What do you think about the apartment so far ? 
 You know what ? I don ’ t think I can hack it here out in the countryside . I ’ m going back to the city ! 	Would you like to come to our factory for a visit ? 
 OK , no problem . But you have to learn it and then do it yourself next time . 	Excuse me , sir . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Right . Can I compensate for the damage with the travel accident insurance ? 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Here it is , sir . 	How about overtime work ? 
 Thank you . 	Next is a ballet performance , but who is the dancer ? 
 Certainly . This will take only a few seconds . 	Lucy , what are your priorities when buying a car ? 
 Fine . I ’ ll be ready in a minute . 	What about you , Emily ? Have you dated anyone recently ? 
 That ’ s ok , keep going , you ’ re moving ahead by leaps and bounds . Watch your dynamics ! Keep your elbows lifted . Remember to stroke the keys , don ’ t pound . That ’ s better ! Remember that as a pianist or any other musician , your technique will be what separates you from the pack just as much or more so as your musicianship . 	Good evening , sir . Are you ready to order now ? 
 Thank you , sir . We look forward to welcoming you . 	May , look , what's that in the cage ? 
 Really ? Let ’ s hit the road . 	Do you like singing ? 
 It's $ 32.00 . 	I just got a telegram from Margaret and Greg . 
 Don't worry . These dates are only targets . 	I cannot stay here any more minutes . 
 It says No smoking here . 	ABC Company , my name is Lucy . How can I help you ? 
 Sure . It's 289,1234 . 	Hi ! I see you are having fun with your new computer and internet connection . 
 That reminds me I should buy some new socks to go hiking this weekend . 	How much is it all together ? 
 I am going to contact the sellers immediately . They were looking forward to your acceptance . 	Thank you for bringing me here . What shall we order ? 
 I mean he's a student developing all round . 	I need to get a taxi . 
 Good idea . Let's ask the officer for help . 	Are you ready to go shopping ? 
 Thanks . 	What time is it ? 
 So do I . 	Please pull your vehicle over to the side of the road.Please roll down your window . 
 Oh , thanks , professor Donald . This is really very nice of you . 	do you like music ? 
 Hope you feel better . 	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ? 
 And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face . 	Would you like to travel ? 
 Just as usual , you know . 	Good evening , madam . Did you ring for service ? Who can I do for you ? 
 Yes . I suppose so . 	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? 
 Well , I don't know about the profit part yet . But I am really having fun ! 	What's your favorite hobby ? 
 That ’ s good . We always need team players here . 	Is this a photo of your family ? 
 Yes , but not always . However , I won't let it go if I have a chance . 	You see that chick over there ? 
 It's out of the question . 	Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Just a moment , please . 	Good morning . Could I speak with Mr . Willard please ? 
 There you go . Problem solved . 	Look at what you have done . All thumbs . 
 I am expecting the tests to go well . I have been taking good care of myself . 	Look , the printer isn ’ t functioning well . I ’ Ve pushed the start button . It is suppose to be working now but it remains like a log . What ’ s going on ? 
 Why don't you go over the resumes again ? They might help you decide who to hire . 	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ? 
 Yeah ! Where there is a will , there is a way . 	Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	What do you do besides work and watching TV ? 
 I would like that . Thank you . 	This is your room . What do you think of it ? 
 I hope not . Then we'd have to reschedule our baseball game . 	Hi Isabel ! You wanted to see me ? 
 Yes , so it really doesn't matter who offers the money.The paper itself is profitable . 	Ok . Let ’ s look at our short presentation on China . What do we need to include ? 
 I prefered working with other colleagues when I worked in my previous company . I think teamwork and cooperation are very important . No matter how competent he or she is in a company , he can't do without them . 	Hello . Can I ask what steps I have to go through in applying for the job ? 
 Thanks a lot . I expect to see your name nominated pretty soon , too . You ’ Ve been doing some great work ! 	Hello , Betty , how are you ? 
 Not at all . 	What can I do to help you ? 
 Do you really think so ? I mean , was I ? Er ... you ... must be disappointed . 	How much do you make a month ? 
 OK.Now lean back a little and keep still . I'm going to shave your face . 	Richard ! I need those tax forms from you before five ! 
 We work in teams . There are about four to six people in each team . I'm training to be a team leader . Each team member is responsible for the quality of the goods we produce . We are multi-skilled so we can rotate jobs . I like that . It stops the work getting boring . 	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages ! 
 I am glad we've straightened everything out . 	Do you plan on voting this Tuesday ? 
 Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday . 	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? 
 It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected . Thank you for your help . 	There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ? 
 Yeah , it sure would . 	Daddy , I want to buy a ten-speed-sportsman . 
 Right . Got that . 	I like small towns . 
 First , it was how to design survey sheets according to the subjects , because we had to prevent the questions from being too influential and we must make sure that every question was balanced and equitable . Secondly , it was how to get information through telephone covering in the fastest and most effectively way , because the person doing the survey usually doesn ’ t have the patience to wait for long feedback . So the way we put up questions must be clear and direct and only by this means can we get accurate data . 	You have always got your nose in the air , which hurts many boys ’ hearts . 
 I'm glad to help . 	Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? 
 Ok , I ’ ll try that . 	I want to get in shape . I feel like a fence sitter-not really fat , but not really healthy . 
 Oh , I watched it on television . It was an exciting match . 	Chinese tea is famous all over the world . I want to buy several boxes . 
 Ok . I ’ ll volunteer . I could use a free ticket ! 	You look great ! 
 Sorry , our prices are set . 	I wish I knew who had moved our flower pots . 
 English weather is even more predictable than I had previously thought . 	Hey , Paul , why the long face ? 
 But give yourself some time . You just got here . 	Reservation , please . 
 As far as the language is concerned , it's worth reading . 	I've got some bad news about the bike you lent me . 
 All right . I want to take a shower first , I ’ m exhausted . 	Do you like Barry ? 
 Fine . If you do end up going somewhere , we can just use our pass key . 	Who's better at chess , Bill or Fred ? 
 Have a great day , take care , bye . 	hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? 
 That will be great . 	So , what ’ s new in the kitchen ? That refrigerator is new , isn ’ t it ? 
 Sorry . That's not my fault . 	May I know where you are going ? 
 What are we waiting for ? Let's go ! 	Hello , sir . Can I help you ? 
 Thank you . 	How's the weather today ? 
 I don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . It's been really hot lately . 	Is anybody here ? 
 Hmm . Thank you very much . 	Good evening , sir . Welcome to the Comfort Inn . 
 Fine . 	I heard you're getting married , James . Congratulations ! 
 Well , I guess we're all set for another merry Christmas . 	I hate to be the bearer of bad news , but it's that time of year again . Have you got your performance evaluations finished yet ? 
 Don't forget that you have very little time , sir , before you have to check out . 	What a lovely tapestry ! Don't you think we could use one to decorate our room ? 
 I will feel better when I know what the problem is . Thank you for the drugs . 	I feel terrible , but I've just broken your ashtray . 
 Yes , next Saturday . I hope you can make it . 	Ping-pong must be the top-ranking popular sport in China . It seems to me in every school , factory , army unit , or residential area , men and women , young and old , are swinging paddles . 
 Yes . See you tomorrow afternoon . 	How's business ? 
 Extra income.They can get rich with sheer ads . 	I'm calling to tell you the shipment has arrived in good condition . 
 That ’ s alright . 	So , Lauren , I just wanted to talk to you quickly about our new customer support representative , Jason Huntley . 
 He will enjoy himself this weekend . 	John , have you ever watched Beijing Opera ? 
 Uh , let's keep this going , shall we ? 	What kind of food do you like ? 
 well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost b 	Hi , I haven't seen you in a while . 
 Don't be such a chicken ! Whoever loses has to treat everyone to a movie . 	I ’ m moving out . 
 Good idea . 	What seems to be the problem ? 
 Not at all , it's reasonable . 	What's your plan for your future ? 
 You really can't live without candy . 	Good morning , Star Airline . What can I do for you ? 
 I will . Enjoy your meeting ! 	They got a divorce at last . 
 It is really a hard nut to crack . The problem is that the crime was done without leaving any trace . 	Good morning . 
 All right . 	Excuse me , do you have a vacancy ? 
 Remind me never to sign up for that course . 	Hi , buddy ! How do you deal with your salary ? 
 These are from Mexico . 	I heard you've found a new job . 
 That's fine . 	When is your vacation going to start ? 
 Thanks . 	Hello , Kevin . I hate to do this , but I have to cancel our appointment . 
 I'm a student too . 	Well , we've settled the problems of price , quality and quantity . What mode of payment do you wish to employ ? 
 It's nice to hear that anyway . 	I am here to sign my escrow papers . 
 All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you . 	Can you shorten this pipe for me ? It's too long . 
 I got you . Next time . I'll preface a toast with a statement like ' I can't drink any more ' and then drink anyway . 	Could you tell me where the cereal is ? 
 Thank you . 	My friend Jane is very beautiful . 
 I don ’ t know . 	Shall we go to cinema this evening ? The new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . It ’ s supposed to be really good . 
 His face broke out and he said it was my fault ! 	Where do you want to go ? 
 Yes , I was chosen as a Three Goods student many times in college . 	Now darling , I know that we've bought this house together , but it's just going to be far too expensive to decorate it . I think we should sell it . 
 A little trimming , please.Trim a little more above the ears . 	Hi ! Do you know what's for dinner ? I'm starving ! 
 Oh , very easy . They are heart , spade , club and diamond . 	Could you tell me how to use the washer and dryer ? 
 OK , thank you . 	I must be going now . 
 OK , I understand , but what else could we do ? 	Have you been coming to this Laundromat long ? 
 Maybe he's abnormal . 	What would be a good day to finally move into the house ? 
 Fine . I will be there around two . If someone is not there , I will use my key to get in . 	How about this floor lamp ? 
 I understand . While it's always good to follow the local customs , I guess there are exceptions . 	What did you learn at the workshop you went to yesterday ? Do you think it was worth the investment to go ? 
 See you tomorrow . 	Excuse me , how can I fill in this blank ? What does marital status mean ? 
 Let's go . 	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? 
 No problem . 	Every honored guests , welcome to Hang Thou . Now we are visiting Tiger-running Spring . 
 Sorry , sir . We have only tables in the main dinning room left . 	Can you pick up some things from the store for me ? 
 I will . Thanks . 	What is your case against the police ? 
 That's right . It could last six months or more . This model's designed for heavy use . Don't worry - you'll get an error message telling you when to change the head . 	Hey , Jack , where's your car ? 
 Yeah . The final is next week . You have to watch it . 	That was really a nightmare ! 
 Then keep up the good work . 	May I help you ? 
 That ’ s great . Thank you so much . 	What do you plan to do for your birthday ? 
 Maybe I should just get a tongue piercing ! 	I just called Mr . Smith in Room 201 , but there was no reply . Would you find out if he's still staying there ? 
 It maybe worse than it seems . 	Have you got anything to declare , madam ? 
 I don't know if it will turn out good.The window might cause the picture to be blurry . 	I am thinking about resigning from my current job . 
 Come here , let me introduce some friends to you . 	Oh , my God ! I've been cheated ! 
 Ok . Bye . 	Which pair of jeans do you like best ? 
 Now may I check this book out ? 	Good afternoon ! Trans Pacific Airline . How can I help you ? 
 What ? I thought you liked Patricia . 	Holly , I just heard some terrible news . 
 You're welcome . 	May I be of any assistance ? 
 Well , we've just finished laying the cabling and we're waiting for the safety inspector to give us the go-ahead to continue . I'm just going to meet him . Do you want to come ? 	Is there a daily passenger ship to Dalian ? 
 All right . Now you can take your case away 	Farmington ? Would you take a look at these catalogue ads that Roger did ? I don ’ t think we can use them . 
 That's good answer . I appreciate your being frank . 	We are free this afternoon , aren't we , Mr John ? 
 I ’ ll be back tomorrow . 	Am I allowed to check out at 14:00 ? 
 It's nine o'clock now . And I'll wait for him . 	Hi Mark . 
 No , I couldn't fall asleep last night . 	Good morning , Miss . 
 Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York ! 	Is there I can do for you , miss ? 
 OK . Teach me how to play the game . 	Good evening , sir . 
 Sure . 	David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? 
 To a disco ? Oh , no . You know I hate it . 	Has someone already helped you ? 
 Very funny ! Get a move on ! People will be here any minute . 	How was the party ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Hello , Kevin . 
 Thanks a lot . 	Herman , why are you so excited ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	We have a holiday next week , don't we ? 
 Good , you are welcome . 	My husband goes out drinking with his friends every night . I'm fed up with it . 
 Yeah . I turned around and started to move out . Just then , she yelped behind my back , ' all right , all right ! I may sacrifice a little . Let's fix it sixty-five ! Can't be cheaper . ' 	Can I help you , sir ? 
 You bet ! 	This is the house I want to rent . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? 
 If I told her that , she would faint and have me committed ! 	Oh , the bus is gone . 
 Sir , wait ! ! I need your address ! 	Good evening , sir . What can I do for you ? 
 Of course , let me find one for you . 	I haven't received my credit card bill yet . 
 Fine . I'll be ready in a minute . 	At last ! The weekend comes again ! 
 I will pay with cash . 	Hi there , Mr Brown . Are you depositing or withdrawing today ? 
 I can understand that . But ... 	Hey Lydia , what are you reading ? 
 Have a pleasant stay . 	Hello . May I speak to Brian , please ? 
 Yes , sir . 	Hi , Monica , I got big news . 
 Maybe . 	Have you got any certificate of technical qualification ? 
 Thx . 	Have you received your TOWEL test results yet ? 
 I'll buy it later on today . 	Can we sit on the grass , darling ? 
 Absolutely ! If you come to our class , I am sure you will like him . 	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ? 
 That sounds good . I ’ ll call you once I arrive . 	I'm afraid I've had a terrible row with my boss . What shall I do ? 
 We might be getting one in the near future . But at the present time , no . 	May I help you ? 
 Here's your change , 50 Yuan . Welcome back again . 	Hi , I'd like to get your store credit card . 
 So are Copernicus and many others . 	Did you see the letter I got from Bradford Films ? They sent it in response to your phone call last week . 
 Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out this application form ? 	Thanks for coming shopping with me . 
 That ’ s fine . Thank you . 	Miss , where do you want to go ? 
 Let's get it back . 	You are friend of Janet , right ? I am Andrew , Andrew Smith . 
 Good . Now , if you ’ ll just sign here , you can start work in 3 days . 	Did you go to the movie yesterday ? 
 I think so . I see it by the radio this morning . 	Amy , you don't look so well . What happened ? 
 I always use a recipe but my grandmother never did . She was a great cook . She would make clam chowder and cornbread every Sunday night . 	I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one ? 
 I don't recall . 	I really do like this dining set.But I just don't know . I don't know if I can do a good job with it . 
 Thank you . 	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all . 
 Thanks . 	Betty was in hospital . 
 I think the guarantee's just run out . Let me check . Oh , it's OK . We took out an extended warranty , it runs until next March . 	Hello ? 
 That's exactly what I want , thank you . 	Hi , Mikel . What's with you ? You look angry . 
 I'm going to have to do some more research into this . Thanks for your help , bye for now . 	When do you usually go to the movies ? 
 Bye . 	Hi , Customer Service Desk . What can I do for you today , sir ? 
 With snow in Kunming ? That's crazy ! 	Welcome , sir , what can I do for you ? 
 He was very clever when he was a boy . 	This is awful ! It's like drinking saltwater ! It's like drowning in the ocean ! 
 In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved . 	What a terrible house ! 
 I am interested in science fiction . 	Are you new here ? 
 Yes , it's a good habit to have a life-long hobby . Those who practise calligraphy and Qigong always live longer . 	when are you going to give me those brochures ? 
 I agree . 	May I see that ivory horse ? 
 You can put on your white shoes , it fits every occasion . 	Hello . Welcome ! 
 I ’ m afraid a pencil won ’ t do . Wait a moment , I ’ ll find you one . 	Okay , Rebecca . Now you ’ Ve given me a good idea of your work and academic background , but what about you as a person ? How would you describe your key strengths ? 
 Many thanks for your advice . 	What ’ s the postage on this letter to hongkong , please ? 
 Oh , we ’ d like the buffet please . We ’ Ve heard it ’ s very good . 	Could you make up this prescription for me , please ? 
 You bet ! 	Excuse me , sir . Can I help you ? 
 By all means . 	Michael Jackson's coming to town . 
 I'll have the lamb chops , well-done , please . 	Are you ready to order now , Sir ? 
 I can't see it . 	May I speak to Mr . Thomas ? 
 O . K . Thanks , Mom ! 	What's wrong with you ? 
 That ’ s enough for you to worship the ground she treats on . 	Good morning . May I help you ? 
 Hum ... 	What can I do for you ? 
 I like the color . 	Steward ! 
 The asking price has recently gone down to two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars . 	Hi , I ’ m Mary Smith . 
 Fair enough.Keep up the good work . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Yes , there is . Those organizations exist . You always can call a lawyer if you need legal help . 	They must be your parents , what do they do ? 
 You ’ re right . I ’ ll save the beer for when we land . One orange juice , please . 	You look pale recently . 
 Las Vegas is in the southwest . 	I think it is easier to buy a car than to maintain it . What ’ s worse , I just don ’ t trust those vehicle maintenance shops . Sometimes , they overcharge or don ’ t build those parts I have been paying for . Last week , they even tried to persuade me to buy new parts which really need not to be changed . You know , my car is just half a year old and also good brand . I was just wondering about all these . 
 It is . I hope you ’ ll have time to come for a visit soon . You really should come during the summer , when the weather is better and there ’ s more happening outdoors . 	I'm going over to the gym . I want to do some running . 
 Fine . I will bring it right away . 	Susan , Is the manager in this office ? 
 I'll catch you later then . Have a wonderful morning . 	Excuse me . Do you have a minute ? I'd like to tell you about the Bucky Card . 
 It is OK with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things . 	Hello . I'm Jason . 
 No way ! 	Linda , would you care for some candies or cookies ? 
 That's true . Ok , I will think about it . 	I think I may rent this apartment from you . 
 It is . I love it . 	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . 
 Yeah . The final is next week . You have to watch it . 	Did you go to school today ? 
 A growing keep-fit fever is sweeping over China . 	Hi . Can I help you ? 
 My pleasure . Welcome to our restaurant next time . 	Is the environment a big issues in your country ? It is in mine . 
 Okay , thank you . 	It rumored that Jean is fooling around with another woman's husband . 
 Same problem here . There's an 18 - year gap between the oldest and youngest child in my family . The last child was born just as the oldest was going to college . 	Shall we buy ? 
 Good luck with that ! 	How do you want your eggs , Mary ? Cindy likes hers scrambled . 
 I would if I were you . 	Jill , how do you like your new job ? 
 Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then . 	Can you tell me the time ? I've got an appointment at 8: 30 . 
 Well , California ’ s changed over the last little while.You should come back out sometime . 	Watch out , Jenny ! Be careful of the cars . 
 I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist . 	Thank you . You do me a big favor . 
 From July the seventh to the ninth . 	Good evening , Do you have a reservation ? 
 Fine . See you on the 18th . 	I think he deserved his gold . 
 Wow , I didn ’ t know ! Probably because I flunked history in school . 	I have read your notice on the wall so I come to see if there is anything I need . 
 You're welcome . Happy couples need mutual understanding . 	Hello . Mr . Rodriguez ? 
 Ah , thanks . 	Excuse me . Could you tell me how to get to the library ? 
 Come on ! They only do that to get even more publicity for their films and themselves 。 	Jack , could you check your calendar ? 
 Fine , madam . When will Mr . Brent be arriving , and how many nights will he be staying ? 	Hi there ! I am looking for a new car . I have this old Ford Pinto that I would like to trade in . 
 OK , sir . We'll try our best to serve you as soon as possible . 	Look , I've got a problem here . Will you help me ? 
 I guess I'll have to buy a new alarm clock . 	Hello . This is the front desk . What can I do for you ? 
 Thank you again ! 	Nathan said he didn't have any fun at his new school this week . Do you know why ? 
 Well , as we say , the rest is history ... 	Johnny , have you tidied up your room yet ? 
 It ’ s up on the second floor . You have to use the stairs . The elevator isn ’ t working . 	I've been looking for a swimming pool , but I haven't found one yet . 
 Why don ’ t you try then ? Even if it doesn ’ t help you find an American girl , you could still have a stronger and healthier body . You won ’ t lose anything by doing that . 	Shall we sing with a karaoke ? 
 Several years ago . 	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get started using these machines ? 
 Ok , wait one minute . I must remember where I left the keys . 	Hi , Sven , can you help me ? Could you hold the end of the tape measure , please ? 
 No problem . 	Good morning . 
 Gosh , you're right ! It's from some guy named Vic . I wonder who he is ... 	I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . I guess I have lost it . 
 Yes , it ’ s right . 	What is the best way to find a job here ? 
 She'd better keep away from them . 	Have you run into your cousin Jimmy lately ? 
 Right . 	Hi , Bill . I saw you yesterday with a pretty girl . 
 You can always take it again . 	Hello , who's that speaking ? 
 Bye . 	Is the Chinese team taking the lead ? 
 Very good ! Chinese food rules ! I expect the next time . 	It ’ s so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . The air is so fresh and clean . 
 Just do your best and I am sure that you will see improvement . 	Good morning . May I help you ? 
 See you tomorrow night . 	Hello , could I speak to Mr . Wang , the PR Director ? 
 You'd better wait . The gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days . 	Are you planning on voting ? 
 Thanks for your help . 	your mp3 looks so cool . Where did you get it ? 
 That ’ s all I needed to know . Thanks . 	Has anyone told you about Jessica's party coming up ? 
 Hope you feel better . 	Front Desk , may I help you ? 
 They give chocolate in return . 	Are you a smoker ? 
 OK ! See you later ! 	Jenny , I was wondering ... if you .. eh are you busy this Friday ? 
 That's all , thank you . 	Now you're my boss , Mr . Henry . 
 Of course yes . 	So , John , what do you do for a living ? 
 I ’ Ve made up my mind not to be beaten again . 	Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ? 
 That's fine . I want 2 tickets . 	Okay , Doctor , tell it to me straight . 
 It's fantastic ! 	Come on . Don ’ t cheat on me . It ’ s a long shot . 
 He just has his secretary do his homework for him . 	Hey , what's up ? 
 I'm afraid he's fully engaged.Could you make it another time ? 	Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key . 
 Two blocks down the street . 	What are you going to have for breakfast ? 
 All of the extra information that you need is on the bulletin board in the hallway . See you on Monday ! 	Peter ? This is Steven from China . I've got the document you want . 
 I think I will . Thanks for the info . 	Did you see the fashion awards last night ? 
 I have no idea . 	Has the chief accepted our plan ? 
 I do back flips at the pool all the time . 	Do you need any help ? 
 Thanks ! 	It is time to butter him up . 
 It was no problem at all . 	Hello , is this the ABC company ? 
 Right . 	Office software like Windows might be one of the best inventions in this information age . It saves us from so much work and makes the communication even around the world much easier . 
 I will . Bye . 	Is there anything available for tonight ? 
 No , you don ’ t have to . Here comes the train . 	Do you know anything about Dr . Miller's classes ? 
 It's a pleasure . Thanks for calling Lincoln Bank . 	Hi Steve , it's nice to meet you . I hear that you're looking for an apartment , and I just rented a two-bedroom downtown . I'm looking for a compatible roommate . 
 I am sorry . They are not available now . 	There's so much to do and so little time . 
 Sounds like a plan . 	Hey Joanne . What are you up to ? 
 No . I only need to check your driver's license . 	So , you friend ’ s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift . 
 You're welcome . 	Could I make a reservation for Flight 10 to Tokyo ? 
 Sure . I just need to do one other job first . How about if I come up around 11:30 ? 	do you remember where you were for the terrorist attacks on 9-11 ? 
 But I like the feeling . 	What's wrong with you ? 
 I'm just glad it's over . 	Hi , excuse me sir ? I ’ m looking for a dress shoe . My usual pair that I ’ Ve had for years have finally been stretched out of shape . They don ’ t provide any support anymore . 
 You said it ! I can't believe he lasted as long as he did . 	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? 
 Good ! Do you have any questions ? 	Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it . 
 Well , that's great . 	Welcome back ! How was your vacation ? 
 It seems that working in a foreign enterprise is not the same as I expected . Thank you for your help . 	We did a survey on your job performance . 
 I'm terribly sorry , Rose.But I have to finish this paper by tomorrow or professor Martin will kill me . 	See you later , alligator . 
 OK . 	Hello , let me introduce myself . I'm your neighbor . My name is Shirley . 
 Goodbye , then . Thanks again for everything . 	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill . 
 How did you know ! They say listening to classical music can make your baby smarter ! 	I wish to order 100 sets of hifi.Do you have this service ? 
 You may take it up at the ticket office . That is located on International Street 150 . 	It is high time you have a talk with him . That may help clear the mists . 
 The problem is the split ends . 	Well , thank you . Mr.Parry , for all your information . Just one more question . 
 Then I'll tell folks the food's ready . Come and get it ! I've always wanted to say that ! 	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny ! 
 Let me have it , please . I'm taking some laundry downstairs anyway . 	Help ! I'm about to drop these books . 
 I see.That ’ s all right . Don ’ t put the blame on yourself . 	What are your weekend arrangements ? 
 Yes . We come at the right time . 	Good morning , Mr . Huang . It's a pleasure to meet you again . 
 That's where the shoe pinches . 	Excuse me , I'm lost . Can you show me where I am in this map ? 
 Bye-bye ! 	What happened to Nancy ? She is all sweetness and light today . 
 That would be a good idea . 	Can I reserve a room from the 13th to the 18th ? 
 That's an attractive plan . I'll think about it . 	My warmest congratulations on your promotion ! 
 I asked a few people who are already living in places near the university and they said it would cost about one hundred pounds a month . 	So , Karen , what do you do in your free time ? 
 Boring ? How can it be boring ? It sounds very interesting to me . 	Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ? 
 Really ? Oh , thank Goodness ! 	Could you talk to me for a few minutes about my grades ? 
 That's fine , but then you'll always look plain . 	I think that show biz stars have a really easy life . They have lots of money , so they can buy almost anything they want . They ’ re famous , so everyone loves them . 
 Yeah , but I was born here ! ! 	I'm hungry . Do we have anything to eat ? 
 ( beep ) This is Miriam Lavalle – that's spelt L , A , V , A , L , L , E . It's about an appointment I made with Simon Meredith . I'm afraid I'm going to have to change it . Can you call me ? The number is 01563 566 770 . Thank you . 	Do you mind helping me ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Welcome to Lincoln Bank . Are you a new customer ? 
 You really do a good job . 	Mary , it's good to see you ! 
 OK . Here you are . 	Hello , have you made a reservation ? 
 Thanks . 	Nice and warm again , isn ’ t it ? 
 Nothing doing . 	Why don ’ t you sit down and relax , darling ? 
 Goodbye . Hope to see you again next year . 	Hello.this is Susan . 
 Oh , I know . Thank you . 	I am absolutely famished . 
 No wonder . 	Is this the right counter to check in for this flight ? 
 I Know . And you should be more careful , too . 	Could you give some information on your European tours ? 
 Almost all are for my friends in the States . 	Good morning . What can I do for you ? 
 I'm afraid so . 	Would you please bring us the check ? 
 Adding in your expenses , I calculate that you can spend three hundred thousand on a house . 	Excuse me . I've been waiting here for 15 mins . Do you know how often does No . 3 run ? 
 We can do that , but you'll have to pay a little extra . 	I'd like you to bring me some food . 
 I wish I hadn't chosen this job . 	How are you ? 
 Sure , why not ? I could use a rest . 	Excuse me , are you Mr Williams from America ? 
 Thank you . Bye . 	Hello ! This is Air China Booking Office . 
 Thank you very much . That ’ s very kind . 	Name and examination number , please . 
 We're sorry that this has happened , and I guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again . 	Any new ideas on the Mr . Fro case ? How can we give this motor oil a new brand identity ? 
 Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock . 	What a boring film ! 
 Keep your back straight and look forward . Good . Do about 3 sets of 20 . 	Welcome to IBA . What can we do for you ? 
 Umm . I think my water just broke ! Get me to a hospital ! 	Do you do a lot of your shopping online ? 
 Forget it . It ’ s nothing . 	Tell me something about yourself and your past . 
 Wait a moment . And you can check where other sales are . 	I don't know how John can put up with his son , who fools around without working . 
 I see . 	May I help you ? 
 Gee . I could have slept another hour . 	May I exchange this DVD player ? 
 Is that true ? But anyhow , it's none of our business , isn't it ? 	It's getting late . I'm afraid I have to leave.Thank you for a most wonderful evening . 
 Yes , it is . But we need to take out more water . So it then passes through a series of rollers , where more water is squeezed out . After that it goes through the dryers , which are at a very high temperature . The paper is then coated . And finally it's wound onto reels and cut down into smaller lengths . 	Good coming , sir . 
 Yes , thank you . 	Jane , we are going to have a board meeting next Friday . Will you please arrange it for me ? 
 Don't be silly , forget about it . 	Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won't you ? 
 I see.You ' re a stranger here.Walk two blocks ahead , then turn left . You can't miss it . 	Plastic bags are widely used nowadays . 
 I appreciate that . 	You seem really ticked off . What's up ? 
 Let's just say I'll have it easy ... 	What is your great struck ? 
 I am not blind . Anyone can see that with half an eye . 	Where do you work , Andrea ? 
 Ok . I'll keep my promise . 	Excuse me.Have you got any books on genetic engineering ? I've looked for them everywhere , but I can't find any . 
 I ’ m giving you some antibiotic and aspirin . Taking aspirin when you ’ Ve got a fever and take one antibiotic until four hours and go home lie in bed for two days . Take some water then you feel better . 	Do you have a reservation , sir ? 
 That ’ s useful to know . Thanks . I ’ ll just log off and shout down my computer and we can go for a coffee . 	Maria sings like a lark , doesn't she ? 
 Please accept this tip . 	Hey Eve , how are you ? 
 More sales ! 	Could you give me a taxi to pick me up and take me to the airport before 1:00 p . m . ? 
 Oh , I don't know.It depends . 	Yes ! I finally lost that last five pounds I've been working on forever ! 
 That's because I went to school for each class when I was at school . So now I am much more clever than you . 	Going to the cafeteria ? 
 Great . I would like that . 	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ? 
 After you've solved this problem for me . 	Hi , chary , are you busy this evening ? 
 Thanks . I'll put it in a safe place . 	Mary , it was wrong of you to be so late . Mother ’ s very worried . 
 Bye . 	How do you do ? 
 All right . That sounds fair . 	Peter really is a remarkable expert ! There is very little he doesn ’ t know . 
 I never took that yet . If that was your favorite , I think I will check it out . 	Excuse me , would you mind taking a picture for us ? 
 You are right . We ’ re hoping that this is a long-term opportunity , and just a flash in the pan . 	You look pale , you must have poor health . 
 OK . I'll take one . 	Did you have any working experience during college ? 
 Now listen , Ben . Look , I think it ’ s a very good thing that a young man — after he ’ s done some very good work — should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself , and lie around , and drink beer and so on . But after a few weeks I believe that person would want to take some stock in himself and his situation and start to think about getting off his ass . 	Good morning , Mr.Robinson . I am afraid there is a change in today's program . I just got word that your appointment with Mr . Smith , the general manager of Western Textile Co . , Ltd . , will have to be put off . 
 Well , nothing really serious . 	Where's the nearest bank ? 
 Alright . Maybe it's the only way to do it . 	Let ’ s see if we can reach some sort of agreement over your curfew . 
 Probably in a week or two . I'll let you know . 	Can I help you , Miss ? 
 Sir , we never want a guest to stay here mad or unhappy . 	What can I get you ? 
 That's terrific ! 	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ? 
 How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ? 	What's your hobby ? 
 being famous , I can do without , but I wouldn't mind being rich . 	Good afternoon , how can I be of service today ? 
 Now have you ever thought of going by express bus ? 	Take me to this address , please . 
 I ’ m glad you finally agree . 	Good afternoon . May I help you ? 
 Well , that's too expensive . I can't afford that . 	This one is too small . Please bring me a bigger one . 
 Is fifteen dollars OK ? 	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? 
 Good idea . 	Can you pass me the lighter ? 
 No problem , sir . 	Janice , the president of our company , Mr Smith , will invite two programmers to give us a lecture this afternoon . Are all the members notified ? 
 I ’ m sorry , sir . I ’ m going to have to take a look inside your bag . 	What's all the security check about , Jimmy ? Does it mean the bar may be a dangerous place ? 
 So confusing ! In my day we got an A or B if we were doing well and if we failed an exam we would get an F ! 	Lodge , You must come around sometime , You have to check out my mew stereo . 
 I've created a monster ... you're a better bayer than me ! 	So that concludes the introduction . Now let's move to the first part of my talk , which is about 2006 fiscal year marketing plan . So first , right off the bat , When looking at the marketing plan , tell me some of the goals that we had set this year to begin with ... 
 She'd better keep away from them . 	Mom , did you see Andy's dog ? 
 Thanks for your compliment , but there is still plenty more to learn . 	Do you know much about computers ? 
 Yes , I think so . 	It would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend . 
 Actually , he was OK with it . They hadn't been getting along too well . 	Excuse me , are you Sara Wilson ? 
 Sure . In fact , nowadays , you'll see more tourists there than Italians . There are Mafia tours nowadays that go there to eat . 	Good afternoon . Can I help you ? 
 Just now we both thought it would be fine . 	Those are the headlines for today , and now for the international weather report with Mike Sanderson . 
 Well , it's basically two tanks – one for the dirty solvent and one for the clean solvent , a pump and a washing unit . Oh , and there ’ s a cooling system and a filter . It's all controlled by a PLC system – that stands for Process Logic Control . 	Hello , Beijing Hotel . 
 Hell with it ! Nobody will give it an Academy award ! 	Those guys work at the same company and go to the same bars . They do everything together . 
 For 80 bucks it looks great . Go try it on . 	Good morning . I ’ m Liu Yi , from China XYZ Company . We have an appointment with Mr . Thomas . 
 I'll put the song at the front of the list . 	What do you think of your teacher ? 
 Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor.There is a conference room already prepared . 	Excuse me . Who is the person responsible for handling complaints here ? I would like to make a few complaints . 
 I'm going to refund your money right now . 	I like the kid.He ' s so lovely . 
 That's what everyone says ! I can't wait to see it for myself some day . 	What's good today ? 
 Here you are Mr . Lee . Will there be anything else ? 	I think it is easier to buy a car than to maintain it . What ’ s worse , I just don ’ t trust those vehicle maintenance shops . Sometimes , they overcharge or don ’ t build those parts I have been paying for . Last week , they even tried to persuade me to buy new parts which really need not to be changed . You know , my car is just half a year old and also good brand . I was just wondering about all these . 
 Wow , I like concerts . 	Welcome . Can I help you with anything ? 
 Well , if you don't have any questions , shall we get started ? If you'll follow me , first I'll take you to the site of our semi-conductor system ... 	Mm , they taste delicious . Let's settle the bill . 
 Okay , let's sit over there . 	We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow ? 
 We haven't decided yet , we will let you know if we do . 	What do you say to eating out , Maggie ? 
 And your statement reference and the payment amount . Click on next , then ' pay beneficiaries ' . That's it ! All done . 	Here is the song list . 
 Ok . Thank you very much . 	Do you know that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes ? 
 Let ’ s go for a joy ride . 	David , would you like something to eat ? 
 That's great . This is your key , sir . If you need anything at all , anytime , just dial zero . 	Do you have any year-end benefits ? 
 No . 	Daddy , I am so glad you come out with us . 
 I won ’ t damage it . 	How's Jerry's new school ? 
 You are really a wet blanket . 	How are you doing ? 
 Yes , let's go . 	I really feel like eating a salad . 
 That sounds easy enough . 	Could you say something about your educational background ? 
 Oh , you do ? Good . Looking out of the window sometimes scares me . So I prefer to be the man in the middle . 	Hey , that's a really nice outfit you have on . 
 Fine ! I don't know why they make these things so delicate anyways . 	Operator , I want to make a correct oversea phone call to Beijing . 
 A taxi it is , sir . 	Do you have everything ? 
 Have a nice day and thanks you for calling Dutton Hotels . 	Remember that old man who used to beg for money on the street across from our house ? 
 All right , ma'am . 	Here ! Here ! Use my card ! 
 We appreciate hearing that about you ! 	Hello , May I help you ? 
 Guangzhou . I've got a cousin there . 	Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now . 
 Pretty good . Actually , I'm quite busy with work . By the way , say ' hello ' to your husband . 	Good evening . Welcome to our program . 
 Loretta ? No , she can't come , she's busy . 	How many people does your company employ ? 
 Thank you just the same . 	Hello , Steven . We're thinking of appointing an agent for our products . I want you to find one for us . 
 Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here . 	Brian and Christina were mentioning that maybe it would be fun to go on vacation together this year , John . 
 Oh yes , I see the sign , thank you . 	Come and meet our employees , Mr . Richards . 
 We'll see what happens after court . 	May I take your order ? 
 Wow ! That car almost hit me . 	How is your job search 1 going , Janet ? 
 OK . 	How do I apply to an American university ? 
 No , the meeting will be held on the fourth floor . 	What book is that ? 
 Okay . I will begin working on it now , if you ’ d like . 	Excuse me , can you tell me where Main Street is ? 
 thanks . 	What's your apartment like ? 
 Anyway , we are arriving at Danshui soon . I can't wait to watch the beautiful sunset . 	How annoying ! 
 Just a moment . I will do it right now . 	Let's get down to business . 
 Find out what other companies charge for the same products or services . Price yourself near the low end . Don ’ t be much cheaper than everyone else , because many customers distrust very cheap things . They think that is must be poor quality if it ’ s that cheap . 	John , if you don't mind , I'd like to ask you a personal question . 
 Ok , let's go . 	Honey , I need to have a talk with you . 
 Because she's not responsible enough . 	What are you doing over the weekend ? 
 I understand , officer . I guess it's just not my day today . I will accept the fine . 	There are so many record players here.That is hard to choose . 
 Yes , but don't worry . We'll make it . 	May I speak to Mr . Smith ? 
 What a great idea . 	I ’ m not a Christian . I just want to know why Americans believe that sort of thing . 
 thanks ! 	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ? 
 Easier said than done . 	Excuse me . May I ask you some questions ? 
 Yes , I suppose . It's a dangerous thing if a fire starts when people are sleeping . 	I ’ m trying to decide what school to apply for . 
 It's very nice of you . 	I can see you've got some color back in your cheeks . 
 Thanks , but I couldn't eat another bite . I'm really full . 	That's OK , Ben , just let it go . I thought you were just a little too much into it . 
 Oh , very good . 	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking . 
 I know , but these are the figures that we came up with . 	hello ? 
 Great ! Work is really busy now , but it's fun . 	Wow , the ferris wheel over there is so big . I'd like to take a ride on it . 
 of course , that's something really irritation . And the only way to avoid being trapped is to know in advance about the real worth of the stuff . I recommend you to consult the price tags in the superb 	How did you meet your boyfriend , Cindy ? 
 You can use some time off.You ' Ve been working too hard anyway . 	Good morning . Is this where I can get a library card issued to me ? 
 got it . I'll start right now . 	It sure is hot today . 
 Fine too . 	How do you spend your day , Helen ? 
 Okay , I'll take it . ( to be continued ) 	Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please ? 
 That sounds like fun . Have a good time . 	Merry Christmas , Mr . Wang . I would like to give you the book I specially chose as my appreciation for your sincere help to me in the past few days . 
 No rush . You can give it back whenever you have it . 	Susan ? What brings you here today ? 
 I hope I can do something for you . 	I'm going to paint the house today . 
 It runs every ten minutes . Oh , here comes the bus . 	Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? 
 It was a pleasure . Come back anytime . 	How is grandpa doing recently ? 
 I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him . 	Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? 
 About two months . 	good afternoon . “ ginger ’ s restaurant ” . May I help you ? 
 I'm going to give you some advice , Jone.If this happens again , you should call the police immediately . You should try to remember everything . You should explain everything to the police . 	How much for a bus pass ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	I want to buy a shirt . 
 You are flattering me . 	Would you mind waiting a while ? 
 Easy come , easy go . 	Excuse me . Have you got the time ? 
 No . That's not enough . I've got some cereal . 	Do you often go to watch sports games ? 
 That's just the point ! Purity is the essence of good coffee , right ? 	Billy , you don ’ t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . 
 The place is OK . Let's go there and have a look at it again . 	Well , I've never downloaded music before . How does it work ? 
 Ok , as John after Kennedy put it , let us never negotiate out of fear , but let us never fear to negotiate . 	Excuse me , do you know where the visa office is ? 
 Not all of it . 	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking . 
 I ’ ll call you if I ’ m delayed . 	It's very kind of you to show me around . 
 Yeah , so do I . 	Do you like playing table tennis ? 
 Yes , and it's extremely simple . All you need to do is make a Network Settlement Agreement with us . 	this party rocks ! 
 Great minds think alike . 	When's your birthday ? 
 Speaking . 	What is your greatest strength ? 
 Nothing of the sort . I can't hold a candle to her . 	Why do you stop me ? 
 The more the world becomes open , the more people become international ! 	Hello , my name is Xu Hua . I'm from Beijing . 
 How do you know that I didn ’ t try ? I just couldn ’ t manage it . 	Next please ! Hello sir , may I see your passport please ? 
 Okay . Thanks . 	The dress looks beautiful . Can I touch it ? 
 In that case , I ’ m right behind you . 	You'll have to take a make-up exam in logic . 
 Yes , absolutely . But this is for everyone's sake , so we should do it as needed . 	Ah ! It hurts . Don't touch it . 
 All right.We are waiting for you at seven . 	What do you think of the lawyer's speech ? 
 Sure , thank you . 	I hear that you've got a chance to go to Europe for a half-year training program . Is it true ? 
 Just a minute . 	I love breathing fresh air in the suburb places , while sitting in the morning sunshine . 
 Love is blind , you know . 	Let's go eat . 
 This price is the best we can make . 	Does Mr . Schmidt know he's going to become a father ? 
 Um . That doesn ’ t really matter . Because we have more French visitors than German . 	Excuse me , how many sightseeing spots are there in the park ? 
 The man with his hair cropped . 	I'd like to buy a bottle of Centrum , a dozen tooth brushes , some baby's wipes , and a small bottle of aspirin . 
 I don't understand . We were getting along so well . 	It's rather cold , isn't it ? 
 But one must have some basic ideas about nutrition and find the best way for the nutrients to work out for the body . 	Excuse me . Would you tell me where The People's Park is ? 
 That's all right . 	I like the design of the coat . 
 That's all right . 	Is there anything I can do ? 
 You ’ re welcome . Have a nice day . 	How can I help you ? 
 You're welcome . 	Let's see . I had the salmon starter which was £ 5.90 and my Pizza was £ 8.25 . 
 Yes . Everything is ready . 	Didn ’ t you punch in this morning , Monica ? 
 Because I got my AA and now I am going towards my bachelor degree . 	Good morning , Sir . 
 $ 10 . 	Do you sell washing machines ? 
 We got on the wrong bus . 	How about 15 % the first six months and the second six months at 12 % with a guarantee of 3000 units ? 
 Unbelievable ! I could never do that . 	morning , Mr . Winthrop . This is Sally Parker , Mr . Emory ’ s secretary . Mr . Emory has asked me to set up a meeting with you . 
 sounds a good idea . 	When should I make my presence known ? 
 Yes ! Isn't that exciting ? 	What time is it by your watch ? 
 I see , that's what I will order . 	That's $ 60 in all . 
 No problem , Miss . 	Mary , why are you so tired ? 
 OK . I will deposit my bag right now . 	Good morning , may I help you ? 
 Well , I don't know what else you could do then . Do you think bribing them with chocolate would work ? 	Peter is a bag lady now . 
 That's fine . Maybe you should be more careful . 	What type do you have in your mind ? 
 I'd like the roast chicken , please . 	Who did the stupid thing ? 
 No , I don't . 	What do you think of doctor Thomson ? 
 Good-bye . Remember to look me up if you're ever in Washington . 	What's your favorite season ? 
 Okay , how about a midnight curfew ? And I'll let you know where I am . 	Hello , Lucy . This is Monica again . I have a question . 
 Yes , we'll do so . 	How do I apply to an American university ? 
 Thank you for calling us . We'll be expecting you next Monday . 	Let's start out to discuss the question of payment terms . 
 Sure . 	What are you reading ? 
 I'd appreciate that . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 This bookcase isn ’ t for me . It ’ s for my daughter , Susan . Pink ’ s her favorite colour . 	Good morning , I ’ m Daniel . I ’ m applying for the positon of manager . 
 Fine , Mr . Grant . Thanks for your time . 	I dare you to talk to that girl . 
 I am sorry the larger ones are out of stock now . But you might be lucky at our Branch . 	Can you put me through to May Flower Restaurant , please ? 
 That is all right . 	Tom ! How are you ? We missed you at the party last night . Are you OK ? 
 Yes , here is the form for an expense report . Fill it out and give it to me . I ’ ll get it signed for you . 	You had better get a grab instead of getting upset about little things . 
 Okay , I'll give you a ring next week . 	Want to join me for a midnight snack ? I need to grab something to eat . 
 Someone was in the way . 	Did you have a part-time job when you were still in school ? 
 Probably you ’ re right . 	Excuse me , is this the Auto Consumer Loan Center ? 
 Yes . The government has limited funds and must show that it is using the money responsibly . 	I hear you and James are engaged at last . 
 That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills . 	Hello , do you know anywhere that sells cheap cashmere sweaters ? 
 Let ’ s go downtown and pick up some fashionable clothes for you . 	How many people are there in your family ? 
 But you're also going to have to give some attention to trade restrictions . You can get much information about environment of investment . 	How do your spend your time after work or in vacation ? 
 Thank you . 	Ouch , it ’ s unbearable . 
 It sounds nice . We can't wait to visiting the factory . 	What can I do for you , Miss ? 
 Wow ! I ’ m very excited about your ceremony . 	If you wanna keep healthy , you must give up smoking . It's extremely bad for your health , you know . 
 Travel . 	Mom , I want to get a motorcycle . Is that all right with you ? 
 Thank you . 	Let me ask some questions . Do you know what people need to get entry into China ? 
 Sorry I couldn't help you . 	Hello . This is the Customer service . How can I help you ? 
 All right . There we go . 	I ’ m looking forward to relaxing this coming weekend . 
 Thank you so much for shopping here . Here's your change and receipt . 	Do you like traveling ? 
 I hope we don't have any more blackouts . 	I'm afraid I've got to go . I have another appointment at five . 
 Have a seat please while I call . 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 I guess . 	My wife is in labor ! 
 it's easy ! Just go and get a card . 	I ’ d like to take this opportunity to thank you for everything you did for me . 
 You're too humble . 	How do you like Korea ? 
 Okay . Check you later . 	Do you have a same one in yellow ? 
 I do , but it still does not cover everything . 	Hey , Steven . What are you going to do this Saturday ? 
 And one more thing , smile widely . 	What are you guys doing over there ? 
 He shouldn't drive his car . He should come here by bus . 	Sam , can we stop at this bicycle shop ? 
 Don't worry . I'll make you another on the house . 	Hi dude , you look upset , what's up ? 
 Sure . thank you . 	Can you tell me how to reach the bank please ? 
 That's great . You can go take a look . 	I ’ Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles . 
 This is much better . How much is it ? 	I'd like to reserve a table for two , please . 
 I think that that is the best way to figure out what is causing this . Thank you . 	Hey , that ’ s a very nice hairdo you ’ re wearing ! 
 That's out of the question . 	I am confused by what he said . 
 Sure . Now it's all right . Here is your boarding pass and label . Have a nice trip . 	I ’ m interested in all kinds of your products , but this time I would like to order some fireworks and mosquito coil incense . Please quote us C . I . F . Rangoon . 
 In that case , please help us reserve a table for 4 at 9:00 . 	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing . 
 It'll begin at nine o'clock sharp . 	Good afternoon . How can I help you ? 
 Thank you.That ' s a good idea.she likes exciting books.Can you suggest another one ? 	Well , I ’ d better get back to work . I ’ Ve got a ton of stuff on my desk ! 
 I would like to have notice of that question , I will give you an answer in a week . 	May I help you ? 
 I'll miss you too , my friends . 	You wouldn't believe what I got in the mail today ! 
 I'm afraid not . 	How do you use an ATM card , Billy ? 
 All right , all right . 	Good morning . My name's Jason Smith . 
 You're welcome . 	You two are so health-conscious ! 
 it ’ s a very quiet neighbourhood . There ’ s some traffic , but not much . It ’ s not very difficult to get to the city centre , but you must remember to turn left and right at the right places or yo 	Yes , ma'ma . May I help you with your bags ? 
 You got it . Well , he walked up to me and said my name again and then I realized it was the boy I had been thinking about , the one from third grade ! 	Hello , Ellen . 
 It's for you . 	They don't really think you took it , do they ? 
 Well , that ’ s a problem , isn ’ t it ? 	What a bother having to climb storeys home every day . 
 Gee ! There's only thirty minutes to go . 	Let ’ s go to the seashore on Saturday . 
 OK , let's go . 	Hello , I am calling about my cable service . 
 You must have got many useful things for your new apartment . 	Lester , you are really fantastic at automobile repair . 
 I see . 	what kind of qualities do you look for in your friends ? 
 Take your time . 	Yeah . You don't need to rub it in . 
 Oh , if I hadn't moved here I would never thought of changing it . 	How about seconds , Victor ? 
 You're all set . That's a double room for the twenty-fourth , twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth of June , in the name of Hamlin . 	Hello , police office ? 
 No problem , I can wait . 	By the way , could you tell me what day it is today ? 
 I do believe this industry will be developed rapidly in 5 years time . 	We are going to the concert this evening . Will you join us . 
 Don't worry about it . I need to have something done about those bushes . 	House keeping.May I come in ? 
 That's 680 Yuan . 	Excuse me , sir . You can't park here . 
 Good.You really know how to enjoy yourself . 	It's quiet everywhere in winter . 
 Yes , but the offer only lasts this week . 	Excuse me , is there a Post Office around here ? 
 Oh baby , I ’ m so sorry . 	Who is the next one ? 
 I'll accept your offer . 	well , I finished my last final today . 
 You are right about that . 	Would you honor us with a visit ? 
 At Longing Street . 	Put all baggage on the conveyor belt.Walk through the detector gate one at a time , please . 
 Fine , and you ? 	Frank , I want your advice on something . Some scientists I met at the conference 6 this afternoon have invited me to a party . Actually , they called it an informal get-together . 
 That's great and it was your first try . 	Have you a garment ? 
 I will give a call . 	We are on our way . I think our first stop is Buckingham Palace . 
 Maybe it can take effect . 	Why do you want to be a teacher ? 
 But I heard it might rain . 	Oh , hi Pam . When did you get back from Canada ? How was it ? 
 It is so nice of you . 	Hello , Sir , may I help you ? 
 Who is afraid ? I am not afraid . 	It's nice and bright today , isn't it ? 
 A man stepped on my feet when I was waiting for the taxi . 	Come on , you must tell me everything about him . 
 Yes , please . I'll really appreciate that . 	Madison Suites , how may I help you ? 
 See you later . 	Beautiful weather , isn ’ t it ? 
 You will receive a notice for a phone interview , which will continue the process . 	What a brilliant smile ! 
 Yes , I used to work as an assistant lawyer for Tienda Law Office . 	Shall we have some soup first ? 
 Well ... 	Here ! Here ! Use my card ! 
 Really ? I've already opened it . Great ! And it is exactly after my fancy . Thank you very much . 	Hello , Chandler ! How are you ? 
 You are welcome . 	May I help you ? 
 I'll take it . 	I really don ’ t understand my parents . They always make light of my worries . 
 OK , it's no anything . Do what you should do . 	Excuse me , sir . Are there only 3 programs in your hotel ? 
 Perfect ! Please add on an order of onion rings . 	Can you help me with my timesheet ? 
 Sure . We hope your wish will come true . 	Pardon me . Please speak a little louder . 
 Yes , it will print immediately . 	Excuse me , Mr . Macmillan ? 
 Now we know that they realize the real meaning of Christmas . 	Excuse me , would you please tell me where I can find a telephone ? 
 Why not ? 	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ? 
 No , I'm afraid not now . I'm too busy . 	Would you like to come to our party ? 
 Exactly . But later on , he cares more about his career than love . Work seems to be the better all , and all for him-so much that he doesn't even grudge sparing a day out with me . 	I need some flowers for my wife . It's her birthday . 
 Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy and it was published in China Daily . 	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today . 
 Bye . 	Do you have brothers and sisters ? 
 There are times of games planned , should have a grand time . 	Excuse me.Could you please tell me where the train station is ? 
 You can say that again . 	Mary , how was your date with John ? 
 I appreciate the effort , sir . 	I feel absolutely horrible . My temperature is 41 degrees Celsius , and I've got a headache and a runny nose . 
 She's 42 . 	Hi , I come to pick up my laundry . This is the invoice . 
 Bye . 	I come home for lunch . 
 Oh , My chance is slim then . 	You have a nice apartment . 
 He had better make a change . 	Hello , I set up my laundry yesterday , are they being ready ? 
 Yes , there ’ s too much pollution too ! 	Room service . 
 Thanks . 	Here's some flowers , love . Happy Valentine's Day . 
 I ’ m mixing the sauce.It ’ s my speciality . I make it according to my own secret recipe . 	Mary , do you remember when we met ? 
 Thank you . That ’ s perfect timing . 	I'm afraid it's bad news for you . You haven't got the position . 
 I can ’ t wait to go there myself . 	Is there any cable for the Internet ? 
 Yes , but it's very stressful . 	Tonight is a party night ! What drinks do you think we need ? 
 We have a deal then . 	Give me your hand . ( takes Rose's hand ) Close your eyes . Go on . ( Rose closes her eyes ) Step up . Now hold on to the rail . Keep your eyes closed ; don't peek . 
 Absolutely . That's why I can always get a good price . 	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 . 
 Thanks . 	When can I see the one-bedroom apartment ? 
 Once in a while . 	Have you watched today's news ? 
 I think that I might be getting the flu . 	Good morning , sir . May I help you ? 
 Okay , I will go and get some popcorn first . 	Could you tell me your education background ? 
 Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over . 	Does anyone need a drink ? 
 It's no picnic . 	You are too picky . 
 I'll bet you were hungry ! 	Hi , dear , do you know what the important day is today ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Can I take your drink order ? 
 Sure . We have a one-day trip along the river . It's quite beautiful . 	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ? 
 I see.Thank you . 	Are you going to eat anything with your sandwich ? 
 I don ’ t mind if you want to . 	Philip , I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations ! 
 you should have kept trying . 	Is this the right bus for San Francisco ? 
 Thanks a lot . 	Would you be kind enough to lend me forty pounds ? 
 It's almost impossible to get the right balance . If you are too strict , kids might ignore you . If you are too lenient , they might go wild . 	Do you have cold medicine ? 
 Well , if you say so . Personally speaking , I'd rather die of thirst than drink champagne . 	Could we borrow the company van for a fundraiser this weekend ? 
 We can do that . It'll just cost you extra . 	Darling , I have news for you . Bobby and his wife , Evelyn , are going to have a baby soon . 
 I will , good luck . 	Will you be done doing my hair soon ? 
 I agree , a man needs good career.But that doesn't mean he should have a little fun , too . 	I'd like to talk to you about my grades . 
 We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music . 	I need to buy a bus pass . 
 Thank you very much . 	I'm reading an interesting report on Mars . 
 I hope I can adapt to the new job as soon as possible . 	What is your salary at present ? 
 Good . Now just complete this form . 	What's your opinion about childless couples ? Will you choose to have no kids ? 
 Oh , that's great . Thank you very much . 	We ’ re having a department meeting at 10 o ’ clock , ok ? 
 Thanks for the information . And good luck in your college search . 	Could you check my list to see whether I have forgotten anything ? 
 I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest ! 	We cannot avoid being asked questions in the interview . Sometimes , my mind goes blank . 
 Yes . Let ’ s sleep on the sand . That ’ s most exciting ! 	How can we avoid the jam ? 
 Oh , actually , Tuesday ’ s no good . Sorry about that . 	Hi , Jenny . Are still working ? 
 I am willing to tell you that information . 	A new film is on . Have you ever seen it ? 
 That's not the end . They were so good that they convinced a bystander to help them lift the motorcycle and put it in the truck . 	For our lunch meeting with the investors , do we have to make a reservation at the restaurant or do we just show up ? 
 Don't be too upset . It ’ s not the end of the world . 	Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked ? 
 Sure . I'll get right on it . 	I really appreciate your driving me around . 
 OK . Let's go . 	Oh ! I just want to drop in on him for a chat . 
 Quiet everybody ! 	Mr . : Are you Mary Lin ? 
 I got offered a new job ! 	did you get my email ? 
 Of course , yes . 	Are you looking for part time or full time employment ? 
 Bottoms up ! 	I wonder how Sarah and Mat are . 
 I will take a rain check . 	One of my students told me she was very depressed today . 
 Here's a print out of the study , and this is a disc with the full report on it.The file name is product study , this is and extra copy so you can do whatever you want with it . 	I'm not comfortable about this , Sandy . I don't understand most of these games . 
 Sure . Wait a moment . 	Do you want some dessert ? 
 OK ! Just give her this for me ! 	Do you remember John from head office ? 
 All right . Have a good night . 	Oh ! You're engaged ! What a beautiful engagement ring ! Who to ? 
 Bye ! 	Hi Steve . What do you think of the new supplier ? 
 thanks . I appreciate that . 	Gosh , another stop.It seems the cars ahead of us have to stop every two minutes , It's no quicker than a bus . 
 Actually , that's what a lot of parents in Taiwan say to their kids . 	Come and sit down . Would you like a drink ? 
 You were lucky to find it . 	What's up ? You look low . 
 No , no . My playing isn't good enough for me to perform in public . 	Could you tell me which kind of payment you'll choose ? 
 Yes . The gas station is on the left . And you can't miss it . 	What's the price ? I hope you'll quote us favorably . 
 Return , please . 	Can we talk about the working overtime issue ? What ’ s on your mind ? 
 You are the one I should thank . You've done really great job . 	Sir , may I please see your license and registration ? Do you know how fast you were going ? 
 I've been informed that there are many opportunities to develop myself in your company . Besides , I grew up in a city in the Northeast . I have lots of acquaintances in the region , which might help to push sales . 	Excuse me , can you do me a favor ? 
 Thank you . 	We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . 
 Oh , it ’ s open . Thank you very much . 	So what do you feel like doing this evening ? How about going to the cinema ? 
 He is a bootlicker . I suppose that is because he is quick on the uptake . 	Hello , Steven . Congratulations ! 
 You know what ? Don't mention it . 	Who is it ? 
 Oh , I'm shocked . 	May I have a word with you ? 
 Yeah , and we can get to know each other at the party . 	I'm really fed up with Larry ! He's the biggest airhead I've ever met.He always makes careless mistakes , and he's a pain to work with . 
 OK , let's go . 	OK darling , I got some pizzas , potato chips , hot dogs and lots of cheese ! 
 Oh , come on . Let's not beat a dead horse . 	It's time to leave the office for the night . Firstly I log off my computer , then I set the electronic security system . 
 Actually me , too . 	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless ! 
 We will be there ! Thanks for the help ! 	Good afternoon , would you mind if I sat here ? 
 I was really sad too , but at least I can still listen to their Cds . 	Mon and I got in another fight , Boris . 
 Not bad , But she's as busy as before . 	I hear that you are in love with Mike . 
 Well , I don ’ t mean to boast but all the designs are done by myself and some colleagues are already trying to copy some of them for their new apartments . Look , they are making photos now of my designed kitchen . 	Hi , Zina . I had a feeling you'd be stopping by . 
 Yes , they were lucky . 	What newspaper are you reading ? 
 We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling . 	Do you have a reservation , sir ? 
 I already know . Start cooking . 	First , tell me about your education , please . 
 Yeah . It's so nice of you to comfort me . 	What did the doctor say ? 
 I think producers are underestimating the audience . They should think of better ways to entertain the general public . 	I just had a terrible week . 
 Here is your receipt . Contact us if your friend still doesn't receive the package after 5 work days . 	Let's meet tonight at the Thai restaurant at about 5 . 
 Of course , Sir . 	I've just got Bean's new brand image . Let's make a T-shirt line with these pics . 
 I am going to be a , well , I hope to be a research chemist . 	Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? 
 you ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days . 	I can ’ t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . 
 Well , OK . you are always right . 	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ? 
 I will think about it . 	Did you clean your room today ? 
 OK . I gotta call mine too . 	Hey , Mike , is Jenny coming with us ? 
 Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see . 	I'd like to have the film developed . 
 Thank you very much , Mr.James . 	I seldom heard the quarreling of her children . 
 Ok , see you . 	Hi Cody , how did practicing go this week ? 
 Think nothing of it . 	I hear your daughter graduated from high school as the valedictorian . 
 You are welcome ! Have a nice flight . 	What does your company do exactly ? 
 I think that the doctor had better see you . I'll telephone Dr Carter . The doctor says that he will come at once . I'm sure that you need an X-ray , Andy . 	Hello . May I speak to Jerry , please ? 
 Let me have it , please . I'm taking some laundry downstairs anyway . 	Would you mind if I ask the insurance policy of our company ? 
 So am I . 	Now let's talk about your interests and hobbies . 
 Done ... 	Happy New Year , Rose . 
 Interesting idea . You might be on to something . 	Your tree looks beautiful . Do you decorate it this way every year ? 
 So long ! 	Good afternoon , Mrs.Vale.Please sit down . 
 Can I sign the lease right now ? 	Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ? 
 That's right . 	What are you reading ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Seat 30B is right here , sir . You may take your seat . I'll put your bag in the above compartment . 
 It was my pleasure . 	How much will it be all together ? 
 I guess so . 	Good morning , Madam ! Can I help you ? 
 I apologize for everything disturbing you . We will give another room to you right now . Please wait a moment . 	We still have one more day to go before we return home . What will we see tomorrow ? 
 I ’ Ve been to other Scandinavian countries , but not to Norway . Perhaps I should go and do some winter sports there . 	Welcome to our school . If you need any help , please come to me . 
 I liked Aesthetics best . It is very impressive . 	I've just got the examination results . I am afraid you haven't passed . 
 It's settled then . 	I had fun talking to you . 
 Washing clothes at a Laundromat costs a lot less money . 	Hey ! Taxi . 
 Thank you . 	I'm freezing . Turn down the air conditioner , will you ? 
 Nothing is to your satisfaction . 	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place . 
 Certainly , the mirror is right here . 	Did you go to the concert last weekend ? 
 No , thank you . 	The fried shrimp is crunchy ! But my mom will never cook shrimp this way . She always says that fried food is not healthy . 
 A seminar of technical specialists including the surveyors from both sides will be held to clarify which result is correct . 	City Bank . This is Tom . May I help you ? 
 All right . 	Jenny is going to marry another man next month . 
 Well spotted ! I actually had it cleaned twice , because it was so dirty . The rug is new . You remember my trip to china ? Well , I bought is there . 	Hello , Kate ! How are you doing ? 
 A match made in heaven . 	What time's your flight ? 
 actually , they not only had 11 nominations , but they won 11 Oscars , too ! 	What kind of promotional events are scheduled for the new product line ? 
 Well , that's fine . Bring us a bottle of that . 	Hey , Frank , there is that Janet chick . 
 You will feel comfortable paying the money . 	Honey , I've got good news for you . 
 I am happy that you like the house . We should write down what we like so that we can remember it . 	Hello , do you remember me ? I bought some vases from you yesterday . 
 Oh , I'm sorry . Here's the lid . Yes , it comes with the pan . 	so , how should we go to the theatre ? 
 Thanks . 	How may I help you , miss ? 
 These machines aren ’ t very difficult to use . In fact , I quite like them . They are much faster than dealing with a band clerk . 	Honey come on ! We are going to be late ! Honestly , you take longer getting ready than I do ! 
 No , by train . I think it's much safer than bus . 	Good morning . Welcome to Time After Time Watches . 
 Alright , alright . How did you cut this so bad ? 	What do you do in your free time , Nancy ? 
 No . It's confiscated for now . And I will return it to you after I finish reading it . 	Rachel ? I ’ m not sure how you want to handle this account . I think there are a few things to be sorted out . 
 Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it 	Smells good ! What ’ s for breakfast ? 
 I love this wine ! It goes very well with the chicken . 	Morning , Tom ! What are you doing over there ? Learning to dance ? 
 It will do . 	It's such a nice day . 
 I think so , too . 	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . 
 Oh , no . I am quite a stone in the water and cannot swim . 	Can you tell me what happened here ? 
 Oh , you shouldn't . But thank you very much . 	Golden Taxi cabs , how may I help you ? 
 Here.Near this school . 	What's taking you so long ? 
 Me , too . 	How was your vacation in Paris ? 
 Sure . Wait a minute . 	I couldn ’ t believe you should crack such a joke to them . 
 The thing with large countries is that often they have vast areas of land that are useless or hardly used . Russia and Canada have enormous areas of ice and forest . 	The order is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment . If shipment is too late , we'll have to turn to other suppliers . 
 Perhaps we should move on to the next listing . 	Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? 
 Right , I see . It all sounds pretty complicated to me . I think I'm going to need some more time to think about this and make a decision as to what I want to do . 	Have you gone to school today ? 
 By the way , how's the nose ? Boy , that must have hurt . 	Well Rebecca , is there anything else you need to know for now ? 
 OK , boy . I will buy it for you . 	Our dinner is ready . 
 Thank you and goodbye . 	Matthew ? Hi ! 
 Yeah-all from Italy . See all the saints ? They're important to Roman Catholics . 	May I come in ? 
 Thank you . 	How do you think the report I wrote ? 
 Of course . 	How do you get along with your co-workers ? 
 You said it . 	Good morning , Oriental Electric Limited . 
 Thank you very much . 	What ’ s wrong with you ? Why are you scratching so much ? 
 It's comfortable . I will take it . 	You may not remember me.My name is Joe Brown . 
 That's too bad ! 	Excuse me . How much for a two liter bottle of Coke ? 
 Oh , that would be very useful . 	Hi , Li Ming . You look upset . What's the matter ? 
 Mr . Fox , we'll hold the table for you for ten minutes . Please be sure to arrive before 8: 40 . 	Hey , Gary , great to see you again . Please have a seat . So tell me , what seems to be the problem ? 
 That is fine . 	How are you doing today ? 
 Thanks . I'll get back to you . 	I stayed at Bob's last night . 
 I see . Thank you . 	I like Chinese food . 
 It won't be long until your food is delivered . I know you'll enjoy it . 	morning , Mr . Emory . I was hoping to set up an appointment with you for sometime this week . 
 Well , I don't know the details , but ... 	Excuse me , how do I get to the Forbidden City ? 
 Most of them are office buildings , huge department stores , and hotels but some are just private homes . New York is one of the financial centers of the world . And there are lots of very expensive places . 	When it comes to select a fund , you will always read “ Past performance is not an indication of future results ” , can you believe that ? 
 These are from Mexico . 	How do you like the apartment ? 
 Yes , almost once a week . 	I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room . 
 Okay , but you are going to be my masterpiece ! 	That's unfair , Mom . 
 Good boy . 	Ladies and gentlemen , here is the Westminster Abbey . It's one of the oldest buildings in London . 
 You ’ re a real friend in need . 	Hello , I've got a letter here that I'd like to post . 
 She's been good . She is in grade one in Joy Chain high school . And she dreams to be a volunteer in 2008 . 	Hi , Mr . Smith . I ’ m Dr . Hawkins . Why are you here today ? 
 I apologize , sir . Just a second , while I transfer you to my supervisor . 	Hello , Joanna . You are looking very charming in the new dress . 
 Ok . I will reply to you as soon as possible . 	Hello , ABC company . 
 You said it , not me . 	Hi . This is a Receptionist Desk . How can I help you ? 
 If you say so ! 	Have you watched any of the talent shows on TV ? 
 Well , from experience we can predict the lifespan of different components . We try to replace components before they fail or wear out . This prevents the equipment from breaking down . It also saves us a lot of trouble ! 	Which window do I go to for parcel ? 
 It ’ s my pleasure . 	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? 
 Yes . I went to Tinge Sport Centre for football match last Sunday . 	Where is our son , dear ? 
 I'm really sorry , I'll bring you a hot one right away . 	Could I have a word with you ? 
 We're going to put in some new furniture . 	Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ? 
 All right . 	It is enough for today . Do you have any last question ? If not , thank you for taking your time to come to our interview . 
 But anyhow there are many worthwhile programs . 	So Janet , do you do any sports ? 
 I am not picky on food . Just bring me the day menu . 	It is so quiet here . I like the place . 
 Wonderful . 	Mary ! 
 Thank you . 	Mary , this company is pretty good . I really want to have an interview . 
 Maybe some other time . 	I've got an idea . Let's make this game even more interesting . 
 See you later , goodbye . 	Brian , do you know how to speak English ? 
 Don't be so shy , Lucy . 	Hello , Mr . Brown . 
 Fine , bring us double . 	Let ’ s play a game ! 
 No , thanks . I'm on a diet . 	There're traffic jam everywhere this hour of the day ! 
 I spilled my drink . 	Mr . Black , when is the earliest shipment you can make ? 
 I'll call housekeeping . Someone will be up with more amenities shortly . 	I think I may rent out this apartment that I found . 
 Here's your ticket and change , sir . 	How may I help you ? 
 I'm always at your service . 	What kinds of meat are most popular in your country ? 
 I don't think I'll have any trouble with getting old . But perhaps you can keep the article for a while , I may read it later . 	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment . 
 Thanks for letting me know . 	Mary , how was your date with john ? 
 Thank you very much . This is for your help . 	What would you want , coffee or tea ? 
 Well , thank you for coming.We ' ll let you know as soon as possible . 	Ouch ! I just bit my tongue . 
 But I am her brother , not her servant . 	May I serve your dishes now ? 
 I'll go through the materials that you have given me and return shortly . Thanks . 	I don't think the manager will get mad at you for being late . 
 My dad was , but not my mom . 	Hello . Front desk . How can I help you ? 
 They are above 90 . I ’ m in the upper third of my class . I have worked hard at my major subject . 	Good evening , sir , and welcome to Chez Attitude . 
 Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer . 	Mr.Wang , we haven't discussed the mode of payment . 
 I'll be there on time . 	How many undergraduates are hired here each year ? 
 Till the end of the month . 	Do you know our major business ? 
 The problem is that many poor people might suffer . 	David , why didn ’ t you clean the room ? 
 I know doctor , thank you so much . 	What can I do for you ? 
 You may have a little bit of a dry cough , but you will feel much better . 	You have been staying at home for several days . Would you like to hang out with me ? 
 That ’ s great . But I prefer to put my money somewhere where the returns are more certain . 	Hello , is that 2896919 16 ? 
 Come on . 	My father ’ s angry face always makes my blood run cold . 
 You are very welcome . 	This is where we sing ? These booths are so comfortable I think I could fall asleep ! 
 Great ! I have a coupon for free popcorn at that theater ! 	Oh , this is Monica 
 As in English , Chinese also has some lucky numbers . The number 9 stands for perpetuity in Chinese . 	Yes , I need more amenities . 
 whatever you say . I just want to get to my meeting ! 	Could you show me the T-shirt on the model ? 
 I think I will try some lobster , and give me some green salad together . 	Excuse me . I need some storybooks in easy English . Do you have anything likethat ? 
 Sure . Just let us know before your lease expires . 	I haven't met the Smiths for a long time . 
 I appreciate the saying ' Love consists in this , that two solitude protect , border and salute each other . ' 	Greetings should never be ignored in the interview . 
 That ’ s right , plus the activation fee , the emergency services fee , the monthly service fee , oh , and any charges for extra minutes , and ... 	I've been told you might have a vacant room . 
 They're quite complex machines and they have a lot of different components . We need to check the metal casing regularly for any signs of corrosion . We also check the brushes once a fortnight to make sure they aren't worn down . It's important to make sure everything is properly aligned and we adjust it if necessary . There is a canvas belt at the end of the assembly line . If it gets wet , it might rot so we check that regularly too . 	Are you ready , honey ? 
 Yes . Thank you so much . 	I have to miss school next week . 
 Yes , to tell you the truth . I am on the diet . 	I'm going to the pub tonight . 
 Oh , well . If I must , I must . 	Is Tom available please ? 
 Would you please ask the manager to come over ? 	Are things still going badly with your house guest ? 
 It certainly was ! So , what are you going to do with your windfall ? 	Hello . 
 He sounds more like an artist than a businessman . 	Hi , Alex . Would you come with me to supply ? I ’ Ve got to pick up a load of stuff and I ’ m afraid I can ’ t carry it all . 
 No . He has no idea what a fat little pig I was ! 	I have a bone to pick with you . 
 Bottom is up . 	What do you think of the plan for the new airport near here ? 
 My pleasure . 	Good morning , Doctor ! 
 I promise I'll pay you back as soon as we get home . 	Hey , your Chinese is coming along ! 
 I am not ! 	You are late . What ’ s the deal ? 
 I've got it . I think I will wear a white shirt with a tie . Thank you for your suggestions . 	May I show you to your room ? 
 it all sounds great . We can go there after the match . I can't wait to see what they have . 	Just dab it all over your face and then take a look at the symbols that appear . 
 now I can tell you're definitely addicted to the overflow of information . 	Have you found another job yet , Sally ? 
 I think so , too . 	So , Is this your first time to TAIWAN ? 
 Yeah , I agree with you . But you know , it's just one of those things . 	I really enjoyed that film ! What about you ? 
 We're just looking for a reasonable price according to the specifications in our project blueprint . That's all I can say . 	Do you know Sally ? 
 Believe me , he is the first-class . 	I have some good news for you . 
 Who knows , maybe one day he will sit on the desk of a top CEO in a major corporation ! 	Let ’ s cross here . 
 If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun . 	Ladies and gentlemen , now we are in the National Forest Park . 
 I think I might just go to the movies . 	Are you getting overtime ? 
 Hope so ! Good thing is that autumn is just around the corner . 	Isn ’ t this great ? I always wanted to own a farm , live out in the country , grow my own food ! 
 There you go . 	May I help you ? 
 The house has a very outdated electrical system . Many of the switches and outlets do not work and are unsafe . 	How often do you have English lessons ? 
 Thanks a lot . I'm most grateful . 	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ? 
 Of course , Sir . If I could have your details again and your ID , I'll check them and we can go on . 	Bob , would you come and help me ? 
 I like this system . It will encourage the best employees and motivate those who want to make a change at work . 	Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time . 
 The place is OK.Let ' s go there and have a look at it again . 	Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ? 
 OK . I will bring it for you . 	What a surprise meeting you here , Landy . 
 You didn't note the damage on the bill of lading . 	do you like playing games ? 
 Loretta ? No , she can't come , she's busy . 	I ’ m so excited about Chinese New Year ! When do I get to visit Grandma ? Grandma makes the best dumplings in the world ! 
 All right , but let me know your decision before the end of the day . 	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center . 
 The United Nations should have more authority . 	I absolutely love what you're wearing today . 
 Time is flying . I still remember everything when he was a child . 	We have mild wines and strong liquors . Which kind do you prefer ? 
 I totally agree ! 	I want to get a bite to eat . 
 I don't understand very well . Could you give me a map ? 	I'd like to have a couple of complete sets of paper money and coins . 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . 	Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you ? 
 The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc . 	Would you mind if I ask you whether you are married or not ? 
 O . K . See you . 	Good morning . Can I help you ? 
 Oh right ... present company excluded , of course ! 	Excuse me , sir . Could you spare a minute ? 
 You're welcome . 	Can I help you , Miss ? 
 I am glad I did not drive a car . 	I'm going to Ireland this summer . 
 That's OK . Thanks for your help . 	Excuse me.When ' s the next bus ? 
 There's nothing that can be done . Everything is gone . I wish I could tell you differently , but what has happened has happened . We will just have to figure out a way to move on . 	I haven't got enough evidence for prosecuting him . 
 Definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . 	Have you ever been to Japan ? I'm going in the fall . 
 I am going to send you to a neurologist for a few tests . 	This is today ’ s schedule . At eight thirty , conference with the department managers . At 9 o ’ clock , live for the workshop where you ’ ll award prizes to the stafffor preventatives . 
 Yeah , I think so too . 	Hey Nick , what are you up to ? 
 Ha-ha , see you then . 	Do you know why I pulled you over ? 
 Well , I guess if you are Sigrid and Roy you can keep a tiger or lion . I guess all types of things don't they . 	Johnny , are you just sitting around again ? 
 Then I ’ ll just use my credit card . 	Hey there , how are you doing ? 
 Not yet . Let me see . 	Mr . Blake ? Mr . Foster ’ s on the phone . He ’ d like to know if you can send over those training manuals ? 
 sounds good ! Let's go ! 	I can ’ t believe my English teacher is making me read pride and prejudice ! 
 You can serve our salads with our dinner . 	Please point out the painful place with your finger . Is there any relation between the pain and the weather ? 
 You're making me a believer . 	Hey ! Fred , you are five minutes earlier than me today . Usually , you don't . 
 Oh , Yes , I see it now . 	I need help preparing for my presentation on Friday . 
 Sure , follow me . 	Let me suggest this one . It's an excellent watch , it looks good , and it's only $ 100 . 
 Well , alright , I agree with you about that , but I still prefer a big town . 	Good morning . 
 That does look easy . I think I'll make some tonight . 	When she told me that she would marry no man but Dick , my heart was almost in my mouth . 
 Unfortunately , yes . You see , this is a three-year note ; it was issued over a year ago , but not over two years . So , you will have to pay . I'm sorry about that . 	Finally the class is over . Be quick . Ben must have been waiting for long . 
 Charge , please . 	Hi , my name is Ted , what ’ s yours ? 
 Good for you . No problem , I'll listen to the car radio 	Hello , Jane . What do you do in your spare time ? 
 I think the most important thing is the nature of the job . One should never do anything one is not interested in . To me , pleasant working conditions with co-operative staff are also important . 	Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ? 
 Good-bye . 	Good afternoon . Mr . Tylor's office ? 
 Take it easy , all sufferings have their reward . 	Our philosophy teacher is very humorous . 
 Sounds good . 	Are the children all grown up now , Rose ? 
 Thank you . 	Good afternoon , how may I help you ? 
 The movies . 	hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? 
 I'm sure we will . Actually , we are looking forward to seeing the great wonder . 	I am not sure what to do to get ready for my job interview . 
 In a cushioned sleeper , please . 	Have you made up your mind ? 
 Surely . Let ’ s get started by drafting a new contract . 	Excuse me , Mr . Graham ? I have something I need to discuss with you . 
 I'm going to do that as soon as possible . 	Jessie , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t come back home for dinner tonight . 
 They want raises and medical insurance , and I think they want to clean up the factory's safety hazards . That's probably the most important issue . 	May I see your passport , please ? 
 See you later . 	Which team has won ? 
 Either call this extension number 0085 or ask them to send the fax to you as e-mail , you print it out . 	What's the specialty of your restaurant ? 
 I can't wait to see it . 	My dear , it's five flights up ! 
 You are welcome . 	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet ! 
 It's just around the corner . 	Hello , this is Mary from the Taipei new station , what can i do for you ? 
 Let me know if I can help . 	I have a sore throat and my chest hurts . 
 Oh , he's the coach of the football team . 	One of my students told me she was very depressed today . 
 There's been bad blood between them since Bobbie took away John's girlfriend . 	How can I lose weight , doctor ? I seem to get fatter even when I just look at food ? 
 All right , fine . Thank you , William . 	Shall I make some coffee , Jane ? 
 Oh , yeah . OK . I'll just buy smallthings ! 	Well , my particular interest is collecting stamps , especially the rare ones . What about you ? 
 No problem . 	What can I do for you ? 
 That's good , but I think it's too late . She hasn't studied all semester , and I doubt she can catch up in one week . 	I have no idea about what to do next . 
 Yes , I am a local resident . 	I'm afraid I have to return this sweater . 
 Great , except for my mother-in-law ! Sometimes I think I married her instead of my husband ! How about you ? 	I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . 
 Good night . 	Hey , Jordan , is that you ? Long time no see ! 
 Yes , you are right . I think weekend is the time for family gathering and rest Maybe you could make that suggestion to your boss . 	May I help you ? 
 Yes , it's on the third floor . 	Ann , stop bugging Jess and help me order something new . Lattes are so passe these days . 
 Thank you very much , Your Honor . 	Look ! The girl is so beautiful and she is smiling at me . She is lovely . 
 Elvin ? Which one is he ? 	Don ’ t you think it would be an idea to name the ship Dolphin ? 
 I'm here if you need any more help . 	I am confused . How could a golfer need so many clubs ? Seems to me , 14 altogether , right 
 Sure , wait a moment . 	Could you tell me something about the Mid-Autumn Festival ? I find it also very interesting . 
 All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it . 	Welcome to IBA . How can I help you ? 
 Yes . I have got two articles in English in The International Youth Writer's Collection . 	What would you reckon the taxing increases ? 
 Thank you for inviting me . See you then . Bye , Tom . 	A new film is on.Have you ever seen it ? 
 Yes , I've got to work overtime . 	This is the menu . What would you like to have ? 
 Thanks very much and goodbye ! 	Hi , charlie , are you busy this evening ? 
 Yes , I have . 	Cathy , I'd like to introduce the new microwave stove of mine to you , because it is easy to use . 
 Totally not . Perhaps it's about our marriage . 	Driving during the rush hours can be a bit of a bind . 
 No , thank you . I'm afraid I can't take in anymore . 	What forms should I fill out to collect unemployment ? 
 Of course , Please hold the line Mr . Hunter . 	What's wrong , Dave ? You look down today . 
 Thank you . 	This is our Submission of Tender which includes the information about volume of the project , the cost and so on . 
 Maybe that ’ s why your English is much better than my Chinese . 	Have you considered upgrading your system ? 
 Thanks . I will ask him . 	Our maths teacher is rather humorous . 
 Well , I just think he deserves it . 	Hello . 
 That sounds like a good idea ! But I'm afraid my mom will be angry about it . 	Who are those guys ? 
 Yes , you must put yourself on a diet . 	I haven't seen your father in like 5 years . How is he doing ? 
 But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons . 	The buildings are really magnificent . 
 That shouldn't be a problem . 	Let ’ s go to WAngFuJing by bus . 
 Thanks , but tomorrow's payday I can make until then . Thanks any-way . 	Alpha Beta Courier Service ? This is Louise Walker calling from The Marketing Company . 
 Thank you very much , doctor . 	Well , how does it look ? 
 Goodbye . 	Mr.Sellers ? It's Steven speaking , your tenant . We've just suffered a power failure.What should I do now ? 
 I am glad to see everyone is here and on time . Let's get started ! Susan , toss out some of your ideas . 	Marketing manage office , can I help you ? 
 He should be back in about forty minutes . 	Thank for your help . I owe you . 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Thank you for seeing me . Did you look over my letter and resume ? 
 All right . 	Good morning , Mr.Jones ! 
 No , not at all . Glad to have you . 	How much altogether ? 
 No , it's free . 	Can I help you , madam ? 
 Because bicycles are safer . 	I was really glad to hear about your promotion . Congratulations ! 
 Sure . 	Mrs . Smith , you are always worried about your children . 
 Would an order of only 100 units , it'll be difficult to work within that kind of budget . Maybe if you were ordering 500 units or more units , we might be able to work something out . 	Hello , ma'am . Can I help you ? 
 Right . 	I'll help you , Lucy . Look at what I've got here . In this small bottle , there's a magic love potion . 
 Certainly . 	I don't know why people are just mad about David Peckham . Is there really anything so fascinating with him ? 
 Goodbye ! 	I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad . 
 Yes , please . 	How are you doing ? 
 You ’ re welcome . 	Thank you for joining us this evening at Chez Attitude . 
 You bet . 	You look tired . Did you sleep well last night ? 
 I would be happy to . 	You did an excellent job in this project . 
 OK . I never forget it . 	What's the matter , Lisa ? You don't look too good . 
 Yeah . Two-toned , white and yellow . 	Hi , I was wondering if you have my test results in . 
 Thanks a lot . Good bye . 	Do you two know each other ? 
 Oh . I like this one . I have been looking for this color and design . Please wrap it for me , and I ’ ll take it . 	Honey , have you all packed ? 
 Not funny . 	What sort of problems do you have with these machines ? 
 Believe I will . Look for me near the lake . 	Are you going to watch the Indy Five Hundred on TV this weekend ? 
 Yeah , I ’ m with you on that . 	What places does the tour include ? 
 I hope so . 	Order in the court ! 
 But that's a lot of money ! Honey ! 	We have three dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? 
 Thank you so much , Mr Addison . 	Oh , my god ! My wallet is lost . What should I do ? It drives me bonkers . 
 Until 8 o'clock madam . We are looking forward to seeing you . 	I am really tired of Terry . 
 I wouldn't either . It's been looking like rain for several days . 	I remember you said that you like China because it has cheap beers . 
 Sure . You just walk down this hallway . The copy room is the second room on the right . 	Who do you think is going to get the Oscar for best actor ? 
 Veronica , wait ! 	Hello , I bought a China dress in your shop this morning . 
 All is best now , isn ’ t it ? 	Royal Hotel , can I help you ? 
 No problem , I'll play as hard as I can and give you an extra game to say thanks . 	Welcome to my birthday party , I am so happy you can come . 
 You deserve credit , too . I've learned so much from You . 	Welcome to Adventure Tours . How may I help you ? 
 Good . I hope we can arrange the contract as soon as possible . 	Please excuse me , but I really have to be going . 
 In a month . 	Hey , Teresa , meet the new neighbors yet ? 
 The first is accounting entity , and the second is going concern . The third is measuring unit . The fourth is accounting period , and the fifth is objectivity . 	Good . There is the information desk . How do we get to seventieth street , please ? 
 Tomorrow afternoon will be fine . 	Guess what ? Paul and Susan are engaged . 
 You're welcome , bye ! 	Are you planning on studying abroad ? 
 It's August the thirteenth . 	I ’ m sorry to disturb you , Mr . Crane . 
 Well , I ’ m not going to answer it . I ’ m sleeping . 	Can you tell me if there is a flight to New York ? 
 Ok . See you soon . 	Can you help me please ? 
 That's just perfect for me . I live pretty far from the centre and it can be a chore getting in . 	Do you think you will ever work at that company again ? 
 All right . 	So , how'd everyone do ? 
 You ’ re the best ! 	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ? 
 Yes.Let ' s start today . 	What sports do you think women excel at most ? 
 Yogurt , because it has protein , vitamins and it is acidic . If you drink it everyday , your stomach will be more comfortable . 	Can I reserve a room from the 13th to the 18th ? 
 Don't mention it . 	Can I order something from the kitchen ? 
 Oh , I'm sorry . 	You look happy . 
 I like photography very much . I used to be awarded second prize in a photography contest at our university . 	Do you mind taking a photo for me ? 
 What a shame ! 	Mr . Thomas is making a long-distance call . Please wait for a few minutes . 
 I failed in my computer course once and I made up my mind to learn it well . Then I made painstaking preparation for 3 months and I finally got it . 	I wish to make it clear at the outset that this matter of labels is entirely our problem . 
 OK , thanks a lot . See you then . 	I bought it . I got a watch , too . The company that sells this car has a car club . 
 About two years , but it seems as if I got here yesterday . 	Oh , I'm starving . I'd like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend , waiter ? 
 I'm sure he'll love the idea . Just throw yourself into it and you'll enjoy it ! 	You look like in perfect condition . 
 B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges . 	I'm not sure about how to operate the washer and dryer . 
 Keep your fingers crossed . He may pop the question one of these days . 	Do you feel like going to see Paul and Claire tonight ? 
 Oh , no . I couldn ’ t possibly . 	I saw an interesting program on TV last night . It was about elderly people . 
 That ’ s great , because it uses natural materials rather than ones that scientists make themselves . I prefer natural remedies to man-made ones . 	have you moved into your new house yet , Michael ? 
 Leave me alone . 	I have read your resume.What is your last job ? 
 Oh , and here are your glasses . They were next to your cell phone . 	Bell Captain . May I help you ? 
 OK . I'll have him come up to get you . 	We've settled price , order , payment , now I am calling to ask about package . How can we pack the goods ? 
 That's true . Having a very serious boyfriend or girlfriend can be boring . 	What qualities do you think a senior executive should possess ? 
 About two years now . 	Good morning , John . Have you finished reading the novel by Dickens borrowed from the library ? 
 Let's ask the salesmen for a demonstration . 	What ’ s your favourite ball sport ? 
 I'm a clerk in a shop . 	David , I ’ m going to China . 
 Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see . 	What's the life expectancy in your country ? 
 I sure hope so . 	Have you any round-neck sweater ? 
 I agree . Maybe they can bring us some better food . 	That way they look longer . 
 So what's the problem ? 	I think modern painting means nothing . 
 Exactly . With DEL you don't have that problem . 	Could you tell me something about your previous job ? 
 Yes , you can add or get rid of channels later on if you would like . 	Mike has changed much after marriage . 
 You can always take it again . 	Mr . Li , does the recommendation of the university play an important role in job hitting ? 
 Well , let's take the measurements right now . 	There is a new restaurant opening up in town next month . 
 That's correct . If you remember , we also set a goal to double distribution in overseas markets . Now , when looking at the data to evaluate whether or not we made our goals , there are three things to consider . First , the original condition of the market , second , our marketing numbers from the previous year , and third , our final sales figures for this year . Now I want to describe for you the second and third parts . If you look at the overhead , you'll see a graph ... The blue line represents our sales from the year 2005 , the red line is the sales in 2006 ... As you can see , our sales in 2005 were quite slow to start off with , but managed to make decent performance in the last part of the year . On the other hand , you can see this year's sales took off like a rocket . 	It's time for you to wake up . 
 ( later ) Here ’ s your card , sir . You ’ re all checked in . let me just tell you about a few of our services . We have free breakfast in the lounge from 7:00- 9:00 . You call the receptionist to arrange 	Steven , I need badly your help . 
 Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ’ t like your way . 	I'd like to help pitch in with dinner . 
 See you later . 	How may I help you ? 
 Thank you very much . 	Are there many idioms in English ? 
 OK , maybe you can try this one on . It's yellow . 	Thank you for showing me your offices , Mr . Becker . I can see why Washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs . 
 That's good to know . Thanks for your help today , I'll leave you with the details and you can get started . 	So how did I do on my driving test ? 
 It's easier said than done . When you actually play , it can be very frustrating . 	We have received your resume in answer to our ads . I would like to talk with you regarding your qualification for this position , OK ? 
 I suppose so . That's probably why there are so many wonderful coffeehouses in China now . 	Hey , you wanna see a movie tomorrow ? 
 Lin is a common Chinese last name . 	Hey Claire , you've been really quiet these last few days . Is something wrong ? 
 There shouldn't be any long lines , sir . 	Good afternoon , Ma ’ am , My name is Mike and I am selling subscriptions to all sorts of periodicals . 
 All right . I'll cook for you . 	Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ’ re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title . 
 The 5th . 	You went out on a date last night , didn't you ? 
 I ’ m sorry , Melissa . I really can ’ t today . I ’ Ve just got too much going on . Maybe tomorrow . 	Hello , I want to know how much it costs to have a manicure and pedicure . 
 Exactly ! 	Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? 
 He knows a lot about law and he ’ s eloquent , too . 	Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? 
 Don ’ t mention it . I ’ Ve really enjoyed your company . 	Would you like to go skating with me this afternoon ? 
 You're going to make me rich by not paying me ? 	Hey , Sandy , what's new ? Interested in a movie tonight ? 
 Wow , it is quite far away from here . I'm afraid you're gonna have to take Bus No . 713 . 	Susan is going to get a divorce . 
 When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day . 	Mary , today a man from an intermediary gave me a call . 
 Really ? OK , I will try my best to be relaxed . 	Let's eat out . 
 I have a proven track record in resolving problems , multitasking , and dealing with customers , as you can sec in my resume . I think it is enough . 	May I speak to Marry ? 
 Thanks for calling , Blanca . I'll see you tomorrow . 	Would Dr.Black be able to see me at 9:00 a . m . tomorrow ? 
 Oh , it ’ s right downstairs . I'm going there myself . Just follow me . 	Miss Liu , have we received the fax from MS Company yet ? 
 All right . Thanks a lot . 	Let's sell our stocks now . 
 It's a deal . 	What's the matter ? 
 Thank you . 	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run.It was nice talking to you , karren . 
 No constipation . Everything seems OK . 	Where are you from ? 
 that's OK . I'll try anything once , but sometimes , once is enough ! 	Are you ready to order ? 
 Of course . 	I broke my sister's mirror . I'm sure it'll get her back up . I really don't know how I can escape the punishment . 
 I wasn't feeling too well , so I stayed at home . 	I can promise you that , if you buy our product , you will be getting A-l quality . 
 You are being watched ! Be careful Dan ! Be careful ! 	Hi , Helen . Where are you going on this summer vacation ? 
 I'm positive , Ms . Chen . 	Hello . I have left my key in my room . But I can't get in now . 
 Thanks a lot ! 	Do you know how to play go ? 
 Thanks your flatter . 	Have you heard my good news ? 
 You'll get used to it , Mikel , trust me . 	Do you work well under pressure ? 
 Sure . 	When were you Bron may I ask ? 
 Let's hope it clears up . 	Well , Mr . Cui , could you tell me why you are interested in working with this company ? 
 Dishonesty . It ’ s unacceptable . 	Excuse me , I ’ m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company . 
 Well , if you want to help your friend , you should do something about it . 	in China at least , coffee is often associated with an exotic , well-to-do bourgeois lifestyle . Coffee is often considered a hobby of the well-educated , middle-class people . 
 And the most active older people seem to enjoy some kind of physical exercise . My father is over 60 years old , and he lifts weights every day . 	Oh , what a beautiful garden ! 
 Well , it could be me too . But I am not too worried . This place is suffocating me with this boss being such a hard-ass and colleagues who barely know how to get dressed in the morning . It would almost be a blessing to be fired from this place . 	so , your friend ’ s getting married on Saturday . What have you bought her as a wedding gift . I find is so hard to choose the right gift . 
 sure . Good luck , Maria ! 	When I was at school , I was quite good at track and field events . I was on the school team for the long jump , 100 and 200 meter sprints and the javelin . 
 Sure . Thanks . 	Excuse me , is this taxi taken ? 
 My pleasure . 	How do you like this waltz ? 
 Let's go . We'd better buy the tickets earlier and have dinner in restaurant . 	May I try this on ? 
 They pay just enough . 	It was good to see you here , John . 
 Well , uh , I'll let you decide that for yourself . He'll be here a little later . Here's our room ! 	I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth . 
 It just makes my eyelashes curl upwards . 	Thank you for letting me borrow your portable CD player . 
 I think dimes and quarters will do . 	What would you like for your main dish ? 
 Oh , I seem to lose something every time I travel . 	I broke Mom's vase . 
 I'm very sorry.sir . I'll ask the manager to take care of this . 	I feel like to wear my hair in this way . 
 Like you and me ! 	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again . 
 I see . Thanks a lot . 	What do you consider to be your strong points ? 
 Ok , I am terribly sorry for the trouble you are getting into.We will contact you first thing , once we know the reason . 	sorry , Brad . But you are going to have to re-do this . 
 Don't mention it . 	Did you see the way that Brian came to work yesterday ? Ever since he came back from that conference in Silicon Valley , he's been coming to work dressed in jeans and sweatshirts . It's like he's decided to make himself at home in his office . I don't know how long it'll take before the management talks to him about it . 
 See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ’ t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter . 	Are you going to the party on Saturday ? 
 Thank you vary much . 	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course . 
 You'd better cool yourself down first . 	I noticed your absence in class this morning . 
 Don't shoot . I give up . 	Do you like being a doctor ? 
 You know , next week , we ’ ll hold a football match . Our cheering squad is busy rehearsing the programmes for it 	I need to purchase some business cards . 
 That's all you have to do . 	What type of music do you like to listen to ? 
 Right . The climbing property prices has become a headache for Chinese residents . 	Why don't we Chinese have our own Valentine's Day ? 
 Here we are . You find us a table and I'll get the drinks . 	Are you free tomorrow night ? 
 Well , it's snowing . Let's enjoy the plum blossoms when snowing . 	Hello . This is Lucy from ABC Company . Is this Monica ? 
 Yes . That will be all . 	What was the biggest turing point in your life ? 
 Russian is my second foreign language and I excelled the rest of my class in Russian because my father is a Russian . 	If ever you ’ re in Chicago , please do look me up . 
 Maybe that's true . I don't know.But I'm sure in Taiwan you have prescriptions too . 	How can I help you ? 
 Speaking . 	Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan . 
 Failure just isn't an option for her . I'm glad she's on our team . 	Where are you going to play this weekend ? 
 These roses should make your wife very happy . 	what are you doing ? 
 You are really a hen-pecked husband . 	Excuse me , but can I draw on my account for payment of things I buy in China ? 
 it sounds like any job will be better than the one you have now ! 	May I have a look at that vase , please ? 
 Maybe . 	Who's it for ? 
 Okay , I'll pick you up at eight o'clock . 	Good morning , ladies and gentlemen , we are happy you have all come out for our training workshop . Today we have a great line-up of speakers to talk to you . First on our program is a well-renown expert in the field of international economic development , Harvard's own Dr . James Smith . Dr . Smith has been involved in economic research for over twenty years , and has taught at Harvard since 1995 . And now , without further adieu , we'd like to welcome Mr . James Smith . 
 The early bird catches the worm . 	Hello , Westhaven Company . 
 Yes , that ’ s right . From now on , whenever you have a question or concern regarding anything that happens during the work day , Ms . Cain will be your advocate . If you believe there is anything inappropriate or unfair in the management practices , the ombudsman will be the first person you seek . Her job is to have your best interest at heart . 	Excuse me , is this the Guyon Travel Agency ? 
 Yes , I did . 	Hi , Mike , what gives ? 
 No , you idiot . I mean the poet , Arthur Rimbaud - R , I , M , B , A , U , D . 	We did a survey on your job performance . 
 I promise I'll pay you back as soon as we get home . 	Mr . Drake , I'm pleased to do business with your company . 
 650 Yuan ! You must be kidding ! I can subscribe for evening newspapers for ten years with that much ! 	Who's that old lady trimming the trees ? 
 My advisor ? 	Would you please mail these letters , Lucy ? 
 Yes , you're right , it does . But we believe it's less harmful to the environment than landfill 	What a great weekend that was ! 
 Yeah . Well , I'll see you this weekend . 	Hi , is this Rich ? 
 Yes , sir . 	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? 
 Fine . Let ’ s meet this afternoon . I ’ ll draw you a better picture of the situation . 	Thank you for lending me the book . 
 It's my pleasure . 	Do you want to hear a funny joke ? 
 You can make it by the No . 913 bus , or by subway Line 13 . 	Is there a vacant table for 2 right now ? 
 You have to fill out this form , ma'am . 	Don't you think it might be a good idea to hold the party outside ? 
 It's none of your business . Let me try them on . 	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ? 
 OK . We will manage it later . 	Morning . 
 I am glad I did not drive a car . 	Would you like to mail it by air or sea ? 
 And about time too . 	Hello ! Can I help you ? 
 Your meal will be delivered as soon as it's all ready . Enjoy ! 	How's your thesis going ? 
 626-555-1739 . Thank you for doing business with us , Mr . Sandals . 	I know you're sleepy and I hate to bother you , but I think you're late for work . 
 OK . 	I am calling to apply to work in your agency of entry . 
 Doing something relaxing before I go to sleep sounds like a plan . 	It seems like it rains every time we plan a picnic . 
 I worked with him for two years . That was the worst time in my career . 	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes . 
 I'll do that then . 	What kind of personality do you think you have ? 
 Good luck ! 	It's a perfect day for swimming . 
 All right . Come in on Friday at 11 	Are you ready to order , sir ? 
 Well , I know you are interested in architecture , so you should't miss the Temple of Heaven , and the Great wall is a must too . 	I went bungee jumping yesterday . It was so exciting . 
 You are so kind . Thank you very much . 	But the auction is a blast ! And I haven't even told you the best part yet ! 
 Maybe you are right . 	Hello , I want to order an Easy-own package . What would you recommend ? 
 Let's hurry . I'm starving ! 	What's today's special ? 
 OK . 	Hi , happy new year ! 
 thanks a lot . 	That's a very nice pair of glasses . 
 In that case , I shall continue to learning a few basic phrases in other languages . 	I have a taste for something sweet . 
 That ’ s too bad . I ’ m sorry to hear that . 	Be quiet , Will you ? 
 Certainly . 	What are your plans for today ? 
 that sure didn't last long ! 	Could you show me how to operate this fax machine ? I am going to receive some urgent fax from a company . 
 That will be it for now . 	May I help you ? 
 I ’ d love to but I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve already got a lunch engagement . 	I ’ Ve got a new boss . 
 I'll take a front one.My name is John Brown . J-O-H-N B-R-O-W-N . 	Ok , so where do you think we can save more money ? 
 Let's try it ! 	So do you think I can take it ? 
 Yes . I regard instructor as a decent occupation and I love to be an instructor . 	Excuse me , I ’ m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company . 
 Thanks , but I have to admit I am really good at bluffing ! 	How was my singing ? 
 Yes , over there to your left . 	I'm going to the park to play baseball with the guys . 
 Wow , that's great ! 	What are you reading ? You've had your nose buried in that book since last night . 
 I will . 	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner . 
 Well , I guess so . 	Are you free this evening , Li ? 
 When you take something out of the stores you need to update the stores database so we know when to reorder . 	What can I do for you ? 
 Well , honey , wake up , or you'll be late for school . 	Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior . 
 That sounds great . I love Korean food . 	Hi . What can I get for you ? 
 Oh , thank you . That's very nice of you . 	Liz , you were supposed to have had those contracts typed up by now . 
 That was a pleasant surprise . It means I can have tea , instead . 	Hello , Bob . Can you give me an update of the situation ? 
 Yes , it will print immediately . 	Paul , can I set up a time with you to go over the training manual ? 
 You won't have to pay for anything . 	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ? 
 Thanks for telling me . 	May I have two full fare tickets and one half ticket ? 
 See you on Thursday , then . 	Hello , Julia , I know a party that will begin at midnight . Would you love to go ? 
 Yeah , you're right . Good night . 	What are you doing ? 
 It takes some time for the stuff you buy online to arrive . But I think this problem will be solved soon . 	What a terrible house ! 
 Great idea . And after all , that's the whole point of an evaluation . I almost can't wait to give it a try . 	If this coat doesn't fit , may I bring it back later ? 
 and he is English ! He makes a model gentleman when he puts on a black suit and speaks with a typical British accent . 	Many people say it's a good story.But I think it's boring ! 
 I really appreciate your help . 	Do you take in students ? 
 Can you call back later ? We're right in the middle of lunch . 	Ben cancelled his trip . 
 No problem . Let's check the terms of contract . 	Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? 
 That ’ s correct . we have four seasons of spring 	Wedding rings ! 
 And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity . 	I think I've got a virus on my computer . Do you know how to get rid of it ? I haven't had one before . 
 Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either . 	Hey Lisa ... want to grab lunch with me ? 
 OK . 	The dinner is really rich . 
 All you need is your student identification card to check out books . 	Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ? 
 We put all of your test results up in the same place . Just check the dates for what you need . 	Can you tell me a little about Paris ? 
 Sounds like it was meant to be . 	Do you mind retiring earlier ? 
 Thank you . Have a pleasant stay . 	I found a great school for Junior ! 
 You're right . Life isn't always like the movies . 	Hey , daughter . Let me ask you something . 
 Thank you very much . I'm looking forward to your call . 	Excuse me , How do I get to the Grand hotel ? 
 I'm going to do that then . 	The numbers in this table don't seem to be in accord with reality . 
 It looks like I might have convinced you to go to Australia ! 	Lisa , I'm so glad to see you . How are you doing ? 
 Well . I will tell you what , Mr . Li . I will review the contract and talk with management . Then we will get together and hash this out . 	are you looking for a course ? 
 Good night . 	That guy's manner really turns me off . 
 I was in New York for a wedding . 	Is there anything I can do for you ? 
 Thanks . I really appreciate that . 	There are so many people that the tickets are all sold out ! 
 Then you will be in line for a doom . 	What's wrong with you ? 
 No , you can walk from here . 	Don ’ t be angry with them . After all , they are still children . 
 Here's your change and receipt . Thank you . 	So what are you doing for Thanksgiving ? 
 Yes , please . 	Our team just scored a goal . 
 Of course , madam . 	I need help . I think my arm is broken . 
 Thank you very much . I think I lost it near the window . 	Gino , do you really need to go ? 
 I regret to say I can't accept your suggestion . 	Finally we're on board ! 
 I'm afraid we don't . But I'm sure you'll enjoy our lunch special . 	Why are you laughing ? 
 Certainly . 	Mr . Division , I am so sorry to have kept you waiting . 
 That's why you should go there , If you don't dare to speak English owing to the fact that you are afraid of making mistakes , you simply will never learn English . 	Listen to this . Mary got married . 
 that's a good idea . I ’ ll look into finding something like that . 	What do you think of your teacher ? 
 I suppose so . That's probably why there are so many wonderful coffee houses in China now . 	What do you want to eat for breakfast ? 
 Not in a million years ! 	This is the end , Jane . I don't want a girlfriend who goes out with other guys all the time . 
 Yes . 	I just discovered that I owe $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered . 
 I guess I'd buy that ... 	Oh ! 
 I ’ ll make a deal with you . We ’ ll leave it up until Sunday , and then we ’ ll take it down after church . 	What is this for ? 
 Definitely . 	Would you please take a seat over there , madam ? I ’ ll let Mr . Emory know that you ’ re here . 
 Maybe he wants to get something for his girlfriend , but he's embarrassed . 	Hello , who is speaking ? 
 I'll have a double whiskey on the rocks . 	Do you like shopping at flea markets ? 
 That's a good idea . Let's go ! 	Small world , isn't it ? 
 Fortunately , she's not seriously injured . 	So people can go and root for their old school team ? 
 Not if you take off your jacket . 	Where do you see yourself three years from now ? 
 That's terrific . Thank you . 	Bother the flies ! 
 No , you don't need to pay anything on top . We just simply deduct the discounting interest . 	Hello , this is Garry Hao . I am calling to inquire the position of English interpreter . 
 Sure , we call it doubt . 	Waiter , I ’ m afraid you must have calculated my bill wrong . 
r two , please . 
